vietnamese is very difficult for me because its pronunciation is much more difficult than japanese.
it has sounds that we cannot pronounce well.
also, it has unique tones.
it's very beautiful sound.
this winter was very cold, but it suddenly got warmer once march started.
the cherry blossoms may bloom earlier than expected this year.
i've been annoyed with pollen allergy for ten years or so.
i heard from the weather forecast that the amount of pollen is large this year.
however, good medicine was developed and i take it, so my allergy is not so serious.
however many japanese people are wearing masks. it's quite strange...
i heard from the weather forecast that there is a large amount of pollen this year.
one of my brazilian friends showed me pictures of a fusion food which is a mix of pizza and sushi!!
how awful.
i said i've never eaten it and it seems like it's not good.
i wrote this letter because i want you to understand my feelings.
for long distance relationships, i think everyday greetings are important..
to be honest, i felt bad when you did not reply to me when i sent you "good morning."
i understand you are busy with work and you have a lot of things to do..
i just wanted you to know what's on my mind.
i think of you when i wake up in the morning and when i go to bed at night.
i know  you're doing your best.
the spring break has started today.
i cannot contain myself for joy.
i want to do many things, such as reading, drawing pictures, playing instruments, sleeping, traveling and learning english.
i wonder which i should do first.
i have a lot of tests this week!
i want good grades but i don't want to study any more.
i went to kauai island, hawaii to learn hula a month ago.
i'm really surprised that it's already been a month since i cam back.
i learned hula from different teachers and it was really exciting to me!
however, i was not sure about english and i couldn't understand what they wanted to tell me.
that was a pity.
it had been on my wishlist for a long time, but i wouldn't have imagined that i would buy it on uk psn.
i created a uk psn account and bought a wallet code just to get this game.
i enjoyed them, but the qte sometimes annoyed me from time to time though.
the hilarious glitch can be caused at the most serious climax scene.
now i understand why people get really hyped about the upcoming "detroit: become human", which is a game the same developer created.
today i was singing at a karaoke bar with my friend for hours.
however, we sometimes studied chinese and japanese during the time.
we really enjoyed the time.
this is a quote from hiroyasu kamikawa, who is a well-known surgeon.
to receive criticism means to challenge something.
in recent years, more and more people criticize others due to the expansion of the internet.
however, most of them may not know difficulties to behavior actually.
shuzo matsuoka
ihara says that curiously he stopped sleepwalking after that, probably because of the shock of it.
after thinking deeply, saito delivers his conjecture:
2: other events suggesting his sleepwalking were no more than circumstantial evidence.
3: therefore, having framed ihara, kimura might have committed the murder.
during his speech, ihara gradually looked up and began to stare at his face.
detecting his intense glare, kimura left awkwardly.
left alone, ihara mused:
"now after so many years, i can do nothing but praise his ingenuity.
he might have changed his name as well as deformed his face".
you can read this in the link below if you like, because it's from copyright.
yesterday was white day, which is the day men or boys who got gifts from women or girls on valentine's day give them something in return.
my son got some chocolate on valentines day, so i drove him to the girls' houses after my work.
when we got home, three boys who my daughter gave cookies to were standing outside of our entrance in the dark. they were brothers, by the way.
i was frightened by them because i didn't expect anyone to be there that late and they didn't move but just stood there there watching us.
my daughter gave them home-made cookies but they gave my daughter so many stuff; such as a bottle filled with candies, a hand towel, and strawberries.
according to their mother, she's trying to teach them that gentlemen should return to girls three times what they got.
the brothers have lots of friends everywhere and have got so many chocolates on valentine's day, so i wonder how many gifts she prepared.
i like chocolates and alcohol, but once i have them, i will definitely want them the next day, and i would keep wanting to have them every day...
b:i came here with my ex-boyfriend.
sorry, i shouldn't have asked it to you.
b: it doesn't matter.
i heard that this restaurant has a star of michelin.
a:yes, it does.
it's nice food, isn't it?
my job involves fashioning leatherwork goods by hand.
i mainly make wallets.
b: i have no idea.
let's go there next month.
a:not cheap, but their food looks very nice.
dear admissions officer,
my name is will and i applied to the mfa program this year.
now, i have received the offer from the program.
however, my toefl score is 96 which is below the minimum requirement.
i want to ask, if i cannot meet the requirement before june 30th, would the offer still stand? would i have any other options if not??
i noticed this today.
do you want to ride this shinkansen?
i have an amazon smart speaker called alexa.
usually, it reacts when i say "alexa," but recently i've noticed that alexa sometimes even reacts when i sneeze.
he always makes me feel more alive and energetic than i ever was before.
a market street near my home will have a festival next weekend.
workshops and flea markets will be held there.
handwriting
students have to give a speech on wednesdays.
so i asked the new student if she had finished putting her ideas together and organized them into a draft.
she immediately opened her notebook and i found a few sentences written in it.
i immediately translated them into japanese and she jotted down my sentences.
it was good season because it was not hot nor cold.the weather was nice, it was neither hot nor cold.
one of her sentences was like this.
i like early summer weather.
it was cold this morning, so i get bundled up, but now it is hot so i have to take off some clothes.
i liked the piece and wanted to play it on the piano.
i have been listening to the piece many times a day.
there is a dumbwaiter in our laboratory to carry water samples for experiments.
when we open the dumbwaiter door, the dumbwaiter plays for elise.
sometimes, i hear the music like an auditory hallucination even though the dumb waiter doesn't sound the music actually.
i referred to certain people who don't say it to certain people even though they say it to some people.
i'm grateful to them for their kind comments.
her comment sounded like she didn't like me writing such an entry.
it's pity to read such an entry."
"yeah, she is right." i think i wouldn't feel bad if i didn't correct them anymore.
however, this sounds like negative thought to me.
you say "thank you" and the person who is told would be happy and they say "thank you" to others.
i wish many people in the world would feel the same!
i know that it would be impossible to make all the people in the world feel the same as me, but without doing anything, nothing would happen, so i want to try.
however, this sounds like a negative thought to me.
i'd like to try to make better corrections, and then, they might feel like "thank you" is coming out naturally.
you say "thank you" and the person who is told that would be happy and they say would "thank you" in return to others.
i saw a shocking news story just now.
i remember that i had many places around me which made me excited.
they are ranked based on how strong they are.
there was a good exmple of a wrestler who is only 160 kg defeated a wrestler who is more than 200 kg yesterday.
the weight has nothing to do with the game.
having said that, one wrestler said when he faced a big wrestler, he looked like an intimidating wall.
this apartment is a kind of a large old japanese house where dozens of students live in their respective rooms like a dormitory, not public but commercial.
because he was from a wealthy, rigid family, he enjoys his carefree life in this dorm-like apartment, and begins to make some friends.
however, one day kimura, one of his friends, comes in on his room and says a weird thing.
according to kimura, last night when kimura slept, ihara burst into his room and began to debate the difference between plato and aristotle.
it surprises ihara, because he doesn't have any memory of that.
kimura asks him if he might have experience of talking in his sleep by any chance.
kimura suggests that ihara might relapse into it, having evolved into some kind of sleepwalking.
considering the situation, ihara believes that it was his deed and surrenders to the police.
when he was a student decades ago, he was living in an apartment in tokyo.
the apartment was a kind of a large old japanese house where dozens of students lived in their respective rooms like a dormitory, not public but commercial.
because he was from a wealthy, rigid family, he enjoyed his carefree life in this dorm-like apartment, and began to make some friends.
however, one day kimura, one of his friends, came into his room and told him something weird.
according to kimura, last night when kimura was sleeping, ihara burst into his room and began to debate the difference between plato and aristotle.
it surprised ihara, because he didn't have any memory of it.
kimura asks him if he might have any experience talking in his sleep by chance.
ihara, having a vague childhood memory of him sleeptalking, agrees.
kimura suggests that ihara might have relapsed and it evolved into some form of sleepwalking.
ihara accepted his guess, feeling pretty anxious.
from then on, a few events which suggest that ihara sleepwalks occur periodically.
considering the situation, ihara believes that it was him who did the deed and surrenders himself to police.
ihara's friends, including kimura, strive to save him because his sleepwalking disease is well known to them.
although ihara is finally acquitted because of his mental problem, he is devastated mentally because he believes he actually killed the person all the same.
the flower season of the camellia is from december to april of next year.
this flower is mainly red, otherwise yellow or white, and very brightly colored.
this flower exhibition, as the largest one in our city in recent three years, fully shows the species and technology of the camellia.
in order to let plant lovers have access e to get close to the camellias, this exhibition will be arranged around the whole park to provide convience for tourists.
i don't want to be wet.
the problem is that the bathroom is under construction and i have to go outside to wash at the other one.
i miss the sunshine.
* practicing making sentences *
i hang in there to study english.
i'm hanging in there to work now.
i was hanging around the supermarket when i bumped into him.
i have a hangover cause i drank too much yesterday.
because i'm hungover, i need some water.
the number of traffic deaths in the world is more than one million every year.
actually, my sister was in an accident when i was an elementary school student.
i want to reduce such accidents as much as possible through work related to safety techniques.
i meant it as a joke, but as a result i slandered others.
i want to apologize it, but it's rare to meet him.
it seems doubtful that i would get the chance to meet him again.
i meant it as a joke, but as a result i slandered a person.
i want to apologize for it, but it's rare to meet him.
it may be seems doubt him if i make chance to meet him.
last night, my company held the end of the fiscal year party.
i got an amazon gift card and a starbucks gift card as the prize of a simple quiz and i was delighted.
first, consuming a moderate amount of caffeine can improve blood pressure and lower the rate of depression.
but hey!
i overslept and woke up late, so i'll be going to the office hurriedly now.
i did not notice that i was very tired; so i think this was why i overslept and became late.
i hope that i would feel more relaxed and refreshed, after a good long sleep.
either way, i'll be going to the office quickly today.
cherry blossoms at school were so surprised at this warmth that they bloomed at once.
i went on a business trip to a department where i begin to work next month.
i went there in order to takeover the work from the previous worker.
i will go back there next week.
anyway, i enjoyed drinking sake and eating local foods that contained sashimi, grilled beef and good rice.
narita airport and haneda airport
i will use  narita airport tomorrow, because the charge of the tour from haneda airport is higher than from narita airport.
haneda airport is good and useful, so consequently almost all tokyoites want to use it, even though the price is high.
i went to soul several times and sometimes i used haneda airport.
the international terminal of haneda airport is beautiful because the building is newer than the domestic terminal.
originally, haneda airport was built only for domestic flights and then the international terminal was build later.
i joined a free english class hosted by my city.
it started at 3 p.m. at a community center, and lasted for an hour.
the class is open to anyone who lives in my city.
four foreign teachers and four japanese students including me participated.
except for ian, it was the first time we had met.
i'm afraid i wasn't able to hear your name clearly.
dave: no, it's vary rare.
i joined the free english class hosted by my city.
m and lasted an hour at our community center.
everyone who lives in my city can join it.
it was the first time that we had met each other except ian.
dave: actually, it's my middle name.
dave: no, it's very rare though.
the story is about two man who get to know each other in a hot spring.man is singular- one man, two men, three men, all the king's horses and all the king's men.
one is saito who have deformed face injured during the previous war and the other is ihara.one of the men is saito who has a deformed face due to an injury in a previous war, and the other character is tara.i have, you have, they have, saito and tara have, saito has, she hasthird person singular uses has
when he was a student decades ago, he was staying at a apartment in tokyo.*a before a consonant-a dog*an before a vowel-an apartment
the story is about two men who get to know each other in a hot spring.
one of them is named saito, who has deformed face he got during the previous war and the other is named ihara.
after taking a bath, they talk about their pasts.
saito talks about his tough experiences during the war by showing his numerous old injuries.
this apartment here is a kind of a large old japanese house where dozens of students live in their respective rooms like a dormitory, not public but commercial.
this may be one-third of it and i'd like to write the rest later.
one of the men is saito who has a deformed face injured during the previous war, and the other is ihara.
when he was a student decades ago, he was living in an apartment in tokyo.
the apartment was a kind of a large old japanese house where dozens of students lived in their respective rooms like a dormitory, not public but commercial.
this is about one-third of it and i'd like to write the rest later.
i do yoga every day.
i watched a tv program of yoga the day before yesterday.
i understood that yoga is good for mental health.
today is the last lesson for the 2017 fiscal year.
i feel down
i attend english conversation class every wednesday.
whenever i start saying something, the words slip away and i just mumble.
whenever i am listening to other people, i enjoy listening, and i can even correct some of their mistakes in my mind.
i attend an english conversation class every wednesday.
when i start speaking, words are slipping away and i just mumble.
when i am listening to other people, i enjoy listening and even can correct some of their mistakes in my mind.
my best friend realized she had few wisdom teeth.
the doctor pulled one of them out two weeks ago.
she needed to have a small surgery because the teeth grown in the gums, so they were cut open, pulled out then sutured.
but when she went to take out the stitches last week, there was inflammation.
so she had to suffer all that the pain again!
she bought a teddy puppy last month, but he got sick and suffered from diarrhea.
i felt for her very much.
my best friend had pain in her wisdom tooth.
the doctor had pulled out one of them just two weeks ago.
she had to undergo a small surgery because the teeth had grown in the gums, so they had to cut the gums open, take it out and then suture it.
but when she went to take out the stitches last week, there was an inflammation.
so she still has to suffer the terrible pain!
she bought a teddy puppy last month, but he got sick and suffers from diarrhea.
yesterday, she told me that she wanted to kill herself.
i can feel her pain very much since i went through lots of terrible things many years ago.
i comforted her saying that this is life!
i think many japanese don't want to make their futon dirty, so we tend to take a bath at night.
soaking in a hot bath is relaxing and you can clean your body before going to sleep.
even so, i feel that it takes too much time for my whole family to take a bath every night.
in my family's case, we fill the bathtub with a lot of hot water, but i recycle it when i do the laundry in order to conserve resources.
however, not all japanese do.
do you prefer to take a shower, even in winter?
soaking in a hot bath is relaxing and you can clean your body before you go to sleep.
why do you shower or bathe?
i think many japanese don't want to make the futon dirty, so we tend to take a bath at night.
even so, i feel that it takes my whole family too long to bathe every night.
the boston symphony is very famous.
also the boston symphony is famous in japan, probably because of the japanese music director seiji osawa.
i recently went to one of their performances.
the venue is pretty nice and the music was quite good.
it was an all-mozart program: symphonies 34, 36, and 41.
when i was in the bay area, california, i went to sf symphony, which is also good, but it was far from the south bay and it took over 2 hours to get to the sf symphony venue.
now in boston, it only takes 30 min.
at symphony concerts, i always wonder why the average age of the audience is relatively high.
in the row in front of me, i overheard this conversation:
a: but they email about special events at boston symphony.
i'm now on my way back home.
they are wireless earphones released by apple.
i paid 18,000 yen for that.
i thought they were kind of expensive compared to other earphones.
as soon as i bought them, i put them on and playedmusic, and i felt like the sound was just the same as others. there are no special functions with it, either.
i thought why i got them. i shouldn't have gotten them.
however, after i used them for a couple of weeks, they became really useful to me.
i realized that there are only a few differences between the earphones and other earphones; one of which is no cable with the thing that i can operate my phone without touching since it's linked to the phone.
when you knock at the earphones twice, it activates the siri that allows us to make a call, and we can listen to music, which is something that other earphones can not do.
japan needs english teachers
we should be aware of our behavior.
he was keenly upset.
that priest loves pitiable children.
i tried not to write my vile feeling on my face.
he was ablaze with anger.
they risked their lives and fought.
he was deeply upset.
losing your temper is pointless.
that priest loves poor children.
he committed a profane act.
i tried not to show my disgust on my face.
i resolve matters through violence.
the rates for personal income tax in poland are 18% and 32%.
it is a progressive rate so it depends on your annual income.
income taxes are applied at the international level.
local taxes are applied at the municipal level.
employees should pay around twenty percent of their wages.
all i can do to cure a cold is get nourishment and sleep.
when i drank caffeine-free nutritional drinks, my metabolism became active, and i sweated a lot.
i will be on maternity leave in one month, so i should think about how to spend my days.
i can't do everything alone, thus i have to keep respectfully asking them to do things.
there are some people who get me angry, but i know that i should not actually be angry at them.
i can't do everything alone, thus i have to keep asking them to do something with respect.
all i can do is just get on with the job.
is vancouver a good city?
i've been wanting to take a trip abroad recently since it has been a pretty long time since i've been on one.
i also want to check and improve my english skills by talking to foreign people.
i thought about which country i should go to.
my wife suggested hawaii, but i didn't agree with her because many people speak japanese there.
i've been wanting to visit australia for a long time since i heard about it from an ex-coworker who had taken a trip there.
his story and pictures that he showed me were interesting.
i don't like cold weather, so i gave up on that idea.
i could go see them and try the local cuisine.
but i turned down the idea because my wife suggested visiting there with the whole family next year.
i saw on tv a train running through a vast forest.
i decided that i'll definitely ride that train there someday.
so, i'm going to start planning a trip to vancouver, and then get the train.
however, i think there is a huge difference between a tourist and a traveler.
a tourist gets only a superficial impression about the place he or she visits.
he or she doesn't try to immerse deeply into a new city or place, because he or she travels for stereotypes which are created by popular culture.
conversely, a traveller explores and discovers something new for the value of the act itself.
a traveller thinks that travelling is not only a way to know the world, but also to know yourself.
here are my personal tips for sucessful traveling:
you won't see real life or culture there.
real life is what you want to see, isn't it?
try to feel the city or place you visit.
when you take a photo, you are focusing on the action, but not on making your own impressions.
our own impressions are the things which will be with us forever and they are more valuable and important than any photo.
you can't visit everything in a short time and stress won't benefit your trip.
there are a lot of people who love to travel and the well-known " i was here" list is seen as a personal life achievement.
however, i think there is a huge difference between being a tourist and being a traveller.
he doesn't try to immerse himself deeply into a new city or place, because he travels using stereotypes which are imposed by mass-culture.
conversely, a traveller explores and discovers something new for himself.
here are my personal tips on good travelling:
you won't see real life there.
when you take a photo, you are focusing on this process, but not on getting your impressions.
our impressions are the things, which will be with us forever and are more valued and important than any photo.
you can't visit everything in a short time and won't benefit your journey.
no sooner had nolan stepped into the room than sidney yelled, "welcome to joan's concentration camp, buddy!" upon seeing several prisoners and piles of paper on the long desk, nolan understood what had happened.
i think that, just like it was thousands of years ago with other societies, modern society is very influenced by idols. in this case, these idols are celebrities.
nowadays, it is easier than ever to see what our favorite celebrities are doing; all you need to do is log on to instagram or snapchat to see what they actually do in their daily lives.
my brother is hungry, so i'll probably finish later.
good evening. it's been ages since i've logged into lang8.
yesterday i went to an english school in order to ask much a full english course costs.
i guess it's because i could correctly answer questions about conditional tense.
however the english teachers were italian.
i supposed that's not the best way to improve my pronunciation.
i need support from native english speakers.
then, i remembered lang8.
my goal is to write something every night and receive feedback.
no vocabulary while writing.
it isn't worth it to wake up before your alarm goes off.
she mentioned that many of her fans also like zabadak so she was planning a joint concert with yoko ueno, who had quit from zabadak around the same time.
i used to listen to those songs over 25 years ago.
one day, while i was listening to her songs through youtube i found a recording of a joint concert.
started approaching me.
he had caught me off guard, and i am more than sure that if i had been able to breathe i would have screamed...
and then, as if it by magic, the entrance suddenly swung open.
right after, as if the strings that were holding me had been cut, my body fell to the ground.
today was my weekly english lesson and my tutor came to my house.
she kindly spoke english slowly and used simple english for me, but sometimes i couldn't even understand that.
after the hour-long lesson, i'm always exhausted.
english lesson once a week
my tutor came to my house today for our weekly english lesson.
she kindly spoke english slowly and used simple language with me, but sometimes i couldn't understand her.
i am always exhausted after our one-hour lessons.
espero que tengas la paciencia para corregir mis errores con el idioma.
positive parenting after separation
mom and dad used to hate each other but they didn't divorce.
dad took a second wife and left us.
i don't think he cared about us, he even didn't spend a penny on us.
all he wanted was to get revenge from my mum at any cost, even if that cost was paid by us, his children.
all i remember about dad and mom is fights, screaming, loud voices and being beaten.
once time, mum, my sister and i travelled to aswan to visit my grandma there.
when we returned, we found my dad had changed the front door lock.
he refused to open the door for us so we had to stay the night at our neighbour's.
although i had all these bad experiences, i sometimes feel i miss him.
on the other hand, even though mum was good, we are not friends.
i also woke up very late this morning because my daughter took a day off due to her junior school's the graduate ceremony and i didn't need to bring her to the school bus stop this morning.
the final meeting today had been planned to take just one hour, but in the end it took more than 2hours....
the boss gave him many instructions.
at the end of the meeting, the boss told us to stay in the meeting room and called the other teammate.
the teammate brought a whole cake made by a very expensive and popular patisserie.
if i were him, i would've cried because it was just after my boss got angry.
responsible, efficient, has analytical thinking, is able to solve complex problems.
in my opinion, the context within which we live is the main reason that might make us suffer psychologically.
the individuals around us can make us feel down, as well as the circumstances we live through having an important effect.
on the other hand, i don't think poverty by itself is a reason for psychological suffering.
however, i agree that the way we think and ruminate on our life and experiences can be a significant element in making us feel depressed or in a bad mood.
for example, a lot of poor people don't suffer psychologically as they are satisfied with their own life, while others who are much better off economically, have difficulty accepting their life the way it is.
the factor that can alleviate these issues, is support, which is a very crucial part of helping people to change their way of thinking.
you need to find those who make you feel capable and strong enough to overcome your own struggle.
having those who give you positive energy to go on in your life journey is essential.
as for myself, i'm passing through a crucial phase of my life.
i have to make a decision whether to continue my current way or to start a new career with a lot of study, cost and effort.
this is aside from my personal life that i don't feel comfortable with.
so far, i cannot make my mind up as i'm the kind of person who needs to be pushed and challenged to start something new.
all those around me do is to blame me, and tell me it's too late to make changes in my life.
they force me to ruminate on the past opportunities i let go.
i know i'm the only one who can decide it but it's not easy with all this blame and rumination.
i just need to feel relieved and relaxed so i can make up my mind which is impossible in the atmosphere where i live right now.
even taking the first steps and making a schedule to start studying and brush up on my spanish is proving really hard to do.
so what is in my mind now is asking myself a lot of what ifs.
it means that youth has an excellent opportunity to improve its knowledge without boring lessons or wasting time getting to classrooms.
in addition, blogs, youtube channels and the sites of famous fashion designers, handmade?masters, actors, writers, coaches and so on show workshops and give useful tips.
that is why i am positive that computers and the internet can contribute to the mental development of young people, if they use them to improve themselves.
i have had gastroenteritis since last weekend.
i suddenly got a stomachache at midnight.
i went by taxi to see a doctor with my husband.
but my husband have gotten sick now.
but my husband has gotten sick now.
yesterday evening i met my old classmates from high school.
we reminisced about a lot of things that happened.
i forgot some of them, so i liked it very much to hear those stories again.
after the meeting, while alone in my car going home, i thought back about which school subjects i hadn't done well in because i didn't like them.
if i studied them now, with passion and diligence, i'd do very well in them.
his mother once said he was so creative that he could use anything as a toy.
at this point, it should be noted that he was a self-declared atheist during his entire life.
there were more or less 90000 households which used that method.
watching tv on the internet was less popular.
in 2006, broadcast television was used less than cable and satellite.
cable television was the most common with 100000 households using it.
in 2009, the internet, with 120000 households using it, was become the most popular way to watch television, while the use of broadcast and cable decreased strongly with only 90000 and 40000 respectively.
in 2014, internet, without contestation, was the most used technology with almost 200000 households against 10000 for the broadcast.
internet had conquered 20000 households, dominating how people watch tv, while broadcast lost almost all of these users.
i bought a very simple pair of long-nose black leather shoes with a single line as my first pair of leather shoes for working after graduating from university.
so i just picked up a very simple pair of black leather shoes.
he suffered another heavy setback when he realized that he couldn't find any.
but the problem was, like, i had a crush on this guy named john.
and we were gonna go--and it was gonna be like my only time i was gonna be able to like interact with a boy.
and then, like, i put my face in a table cloth and...
...was like, "hi, john.
i've met a girl from germany who has lived in the uk for more than 20 years.
i didn't realise she was german as her english sounded perfect and beautiful.
she told me that she went to school with british friends and grew up with them so she has no difficulty communicating while she is in the uk.
however, she told me that when she counts numbers or has to calculate something, her brain switches off from english and on to german automatically.
53+12=65 these kinds of easy numbers are fine.
my brain has already started calculating it in japanese.
it's impossible to do it in english.
i've met a girl who is from germany who has lived in the uk for more than 20 years.
i didn't notice she was german, as her english sounded perfect and beautiful.
however, she told me that only when she counts numbers or has to calculate something, her brain switches off english and switches on german automatically.
easy sums like 53+12=65, are fine.
my brain already started calculating in japanese.
today was a productive day.
this morning, i went to work at half past seven.
i had a lunch and rested for about an hour.
i had english class from 1 pm to 5 pm.
i had done yoga too.i also managed to do some yoga in the evening.
tired and stress was disappeared.all the fatugue and stress disappeared.
i was sure this night i can sleep as well.i am sure i will be able to sleep well tonight.
do they have the same meaning?
it was a meaningful day because i spent around 6 hours enriching myself through reading books, learning english and summarizing my day.
one of my must-read books right now is "zizhi tongjian" which is a great history book with well written and wonderful stories.
in the afternoon, i saw a movie called "paddington" which was very funny.
it was about a very cute talking bear.
my girlfriend came home very late because of a busy day at work.
she had not eaten lunch, not to mention dinner.
her boss wanted to take up all of her free time.
i am currently training as an office management assistant.
this vocational training takes place partly in the company and partly in the vocational school.
in the company, i work eight hours a day in a forty-hour working week.
at the vocational school i take eight classes lasting forty-five minutes each on the theoretical side of the business.
in order to complete the training successfully, i have to take exams at the end.
the chamber of industry and commerce oversees both the training and the examinations.
at the vocational school i receive instruction in such subjects as social studies, ethics, and languages--both german and english--as well as word and data processing.
in the company one performs a variety of tasks: dealing with incoming and outgoing mail, sorting and filing documents, organizing events, and taking the minutes at meetings.
my favorite subject is german because i like learning new things about spelling and grammar.
at the company i especially enjoy preparing for events and participating in them, because they are all different, and the variety provides a welcome change from the more routine paperwork.
recently, i bought a macbook for studying web design.
my current job is not related with professional use of design, but someday i would like to have such a job.
what is the difference between consist and contain?
i remember when i first listened to dire straits as if it were yesterday.
i was at a party when i heard a breathtaking guitar solo.
since then, my dream has always been to attend one of its concerts.
dire straits had performed many concerts in my city, but for one reason or another, it had never been possible for me to attend one of their shows.
i had been waiting for more than 30 years, and now my dream was going to come true.
however, after having anticipated it for so long, i started having doubts about whether or not the concert would really live up to my expectations.
the evening of the event, i put on my old black leather jacket and went to the football stadium where the concert was to take place.
when the concert began, everything and everybody around me disappeared.
there was nothing but the group and me.
however, the best was yet to come; the solo guitar that i had heard that very first day was longer and more intense than in any of their albums.
if i had to choose a single word to describe this experience, it would be "indescribable."
in a nutshell, that day i learnt that no matter how good music sounds in the comfort of your own home, there is nothing like attending a concert.
musicians who play live always go the extra mile to satisfy their audience.
however, i started having doubts about whether or not after having waited for so long, the concert would really live up to my expectations.
in a nutshell, that day i learned that no matter how good music sounds in the comfort of your own home, there is nothing like attending a concert.
in january, i went to lithuania on a business trip.
it's shameful to say, but at the time i had very limited knowledge of lithuania.
i couldn't even spell the name of the capital, vilnius.
almost the only thing i knew was that a japanese diplomat, chiune sugihara, had served as acting consul in kaunas.
he risked his career, but took action to protect every individual indispensable life.
this story is famous in japan and there is even a movie about it.
so i had wanted to ask some lithuanians if they knew something about sugihara or japan since i arrived in lithuania.
i couldn't believe the answers i got because they were more than i had expected.
of course, she knew sugihara and had heard the whole story.
thinking of the situation in lithuania where many highly educated master graduates have to work as clerks in apparel shops or in fast food chain shops, it could be taken for granted for that a lithuanian working at one of the japanese-lead companies had a profound knowledge of history.
but what if guys in their twenties who were not interested in school subjects knew sugihara and could tell me his history eloquently.
maybe around four thirty.
i had to stay up and work all night to fulfill all my tasks by their deadline.
by four o'clock i managed to have all my tasks done, and the only thing left was to print out 50 copies of 5 different documents and bring them by taxi to the headquarters.
by 20 minutes before the deadline all copies were done, but 50 more copies of an additional document sent from estonia suddenly needed to be brought to the headquarters with the other documents.
it takes 8 minutes by taxi from my workplace to the headquarters.
so i thought that there were still 20 minutes left and i could make it.
the extra copies were done 5 minutes later, and i rushed to the entry where a taxi was supposed to be waiting for me.
when i look back on it now, it still makes my heart beat quickly.
i was told that if i called another taxi, i would have to wait 15 minutes for it.
it would never make it by my deadline.
that's why i thought i had to catch a taxi driving on the street along my workplace, but it was dark outside at twenty-five past four in the morning, and i couldn't see anything moving.
for a moment i could fortunately see a faint light in the darkness in a parking area of a supermarket.
i was acting on instinct.
there were only 5 minutes left until my deadline, so i didn't have any choice but to run to catch any remaining possibility.
the faint light was actually a car light, and those who were eating an early breakfast in the car were almost teenagers.
i explained to them that i had to bring my documents to headquarters as soon as possible, and asked if they could drive me there.
at first they were first confused, and i was not sure if they felt my sense of crisis, but they accepted my offer soon after that.
what made me most surprised was that even these guys knew sugihara and told me that almost all lithuanians get to know him before you start to learn about him and the story in history class.
we arrived at the headquarters and i tried to pay them something, but they did not take the money i gave them.
the story they told and their kindness made my racing heart very calm.
have you ever been in jail?
fourteen people p have not been in jail.
it seems the spring has arrived.
my schnauzer grandpa jjang-a is looking out the balcony, breathing in the spring breeze.
our products are a part of a tradition that has survived for thousands of years.
i am working as a programmer at a big tech company which has many professional developers from different countries.
my short-terms goals are to improve my skills in this discipline, learning a new programming language, and improve my english skills.
i know it will not be easy, but i have a plan and i will do my best to make my dream come true.
my old schnauzer jang-a is looking out the window on the veranda and enjoying the smell of spring air.
there are many restaurants from which to choose for my lunch after the tiring work in the morning.
as a result, it is not easy to quickly decide where to eat.
however, this song hasn't been sung recently.
probably, the lyrics of this song expressing students' gratitude to their teachers would fit with the times.
i took my motorcycle to the public inspection place for the periodic vehicle inspection required by japanese regulations.
almost all vehicle users ask the vehicle dealers to pass the periodic vehicle inspection.
but i did it by myself.
of course, i passed.
the reason why i did it by myself was because it was cheaper that way.
it cost me about $200, including taxes, the mandatory vehicle liability insurance, and the inspection fee.
if you get a vehicle dealership to do it, you will pay more than $600.
i think that's a waste.
and i wanna say clearly that it is very easy.
it was very warm.
i went to the park with my children today.
they played and worked up a sweat.
we played out of a lot.
my grandmother cooked for dinner today because the landlord gave her some radishes.
she boiled them with rice..
making firewood
i made firewood with my wife today.
it was a little bit hard for me to make firewood by using a heavy ax.
finally i made a lot of firewood.
however, it got warm today.
maybe the wood that i made is for next winter..
today, i ran 8km.
the pace was about 6 minutes per kilometer.
it was a slow pace and the purpose was to recover from fatigue.
my goal this month is to run 200km and build up physical strength.
i ran 10km yesterday and the pace was about 4'30" per km.
i was tired and had to recover from fatigue.
if i don't recover, i might hurt myself and may not be able to run for a short while.
it is a waste of time.
i think my practice schedule is important in achieving my goal.
i enjoy the process in achieving my goal.
after work, i went to a department store to buy cakes for my sister-in-law and four nieces who gave my father boxes of chocolates on february 14th.
there were many men buying cakes or cookies at the confectionery section.
i just want to be on the receiving side.
very hard to learn something after work
it is very difficult to keep learning something after i work overtime.
how do you solve such problems?
i'm too tired.
of course, we have to learn something even if it is very difficult.
i was riding my bicycle and i stopped because the signal was red.
he didn't apologize to me at all.
there are also many interesting activities and a lot of beautiful flowers.
people observe tet so that everyone can rest and enjoy spring.
this is the time for people living in different parts of the country to gather and spend time together.
english or other languages
i really understand learning english is important, but sometimes it seems to be a little overemphasized.
do japanese people really need english in the first place?
we see many foreigners who are non-native english speakers in our town, but students have to learn only english seriously.
some students lose interested in english when they start getting low grades in class.
the way english is taught in japan leads students to dislike it.
students who fail in learning english have the possibility of mastering another language.
i think that japanese junior highs and high schools should provide students more opportunities to learn other languages like chinese or portuguese.
thank you for reading.
i really understand that learning english is important, but sometimes it seems to be overemphasized.
we see speakers of many languages in our town, but students only study english seriously.
some students lose interest in english if they score low on the tests.
students tend to think that mastering any language is hard, and dislike studying them.
it's possible for students who fail to learn english to master other languages.
i think that japanese junior high and high schools should provide students with more opportunities to learn other languages, such as chinese and portuguese.
we see many foreigners who are non-native english speakers in our town, but the students have to focus only on english.
i think that japanese junior high and high schools should provide students more opportunities to learn other languages such as chinese and portuguese.
i really understand that learning english is important, but sometimes it seems to be emphasized too much
we see many foreigners who are non-native english speakers in our town, but students have to only seriously study english.
some students lose interest in english when they get a low score on tests.
students tend to think that mastering other languages is also hard, and come to dislike studying languages.
students who fail to learn english are still able to master other languages.
today, we had a farewell party for a coworker that was retiring.
this coworker will retire since they have reached retirement age.
he likes reading comic books. he used to buy them every month.
sometimes if they weren't sold in his city, he would take the train to another city to buy them.
most of his salary was spent on them.
i think it's good for someone to have a hobby, but i think helen's grandpa was not suitable for marriage.
today i met up with a friend named helen.
she has a job interview for a teacher position tomorrow.
she had dyed her hair gray.
she didn't want to do so, because she thinks if she teaches well, that will be enough for them to take her in.
she intends to apply for the job of chinese teacher, but she wants to be a math teacher more, but she is afraid that she can't teach math as well as chinese.
today i met up with my friend helen.
she has a job interview to be a teacher tomorrow.
she had colored her hair grey.
someone suggested to her to return the hair to the normal color, because it looks more like how a teacher should look.
she didn't want to do so, because she thinks if she teaches well, that will be enough for her to get the job.
she intends to apply for the job of chinese teacher, but she would rather be a math teacher. she is afraid that she can't teach math as well as chinese.
i accompanied my friend helen to her home.
to reach the place she lives in we had to take a small lane.
it was dark and narrow.
besides, it had too many curves.
on the road a strange thought came to my mind that in china, many people disappear every year.
once hidden, they might not be discovered for a long time.
she said that it might take me more time to go back home by this road, but i wouldn't be scared.
i picked up a 100 dollars on the street last night in front of a train station after my japanese class finished.
i waited for a while but no one came, so i planned to give it to the police and then i
i told them about the money and we all agreed that even if i would send it
to the police, but they might not be able to find the owner.
it just so happened that all of us were starving so we decided to have a drinking party using that money.
to be honest, if i picked up a purse, i would of course send it to the police no matter how much money was in it.
since it's just 100 dollars, i felt i should keep it and feel sorry for the owner.
i decided to go to the dentist today.
i had two cavities.
it gave me a headache.
in this video, i  talk about the first three steps that you should follow if you want to become fluent in spanish.
it's been announced that my favorite manga is going to be animated!
it was a manga that started about 20 years ago, and i was aware that it was already completed.
since it is an old manga, i had given up on it being animated.
although it's a personal opinion, i think that the manga is somehow linked with fullmetal alchemist.
if you like fullmetal alchemist, you might enjoy this new animation.
thanks for reading my post. i appreciate your help!
mindfulness
i bought a book about mindfulness.
it is a good way to give our brains a rest.
we use our brains a lot automatically.
it makes our brains tired.
when we do mindfulness, we focus on the present.
it is a good way to relax the mind.
people push us in many ways.
a lot of times, we are forced to tell lies instead of being ourselves.
in some sense, that is normal, a question of necessity.
as a social animal species, we usually have a need for belonging.
to belong to a specific circle, class or clan.
but is it fair in an open-minded society?
who does not know 'a friend of' theirs that, for example, has an uncommon disease, has fallen down and pretends that no one saw it, does not get a joke, or enjoys collecting playmobil puppets?
minimalism is trending
it focused on the idea of reducing all the stuff you have around you that probably doesn't provide you with any benefit.
coming from a technological and materialistic environment like mine, that idea shocked me.
maybe the film was over the top in the way the lead actor avoided anything apart from the essential, but the concept was good.
truly, some things we own can result in an obstacle for living real life with passion, making the most of our face-to-face relations and a having healthy habits.
i have rarely used english recently, but i want to apply for a overseas job training with my company.
can anyone help me learn to speak english using skype?
today, i had a farewell party.
fourteen people left my workplace this year.
it is painful to see talented people leave their workplace.
we have to work hard instead of them.
i'm looking forward to seeing them.
do you know engawa?
each company, including foreign companies, ran a booth and exhibited many kinds of robots.
we could receive an explanation of the robots' functions since the staff had been stationed at the booths.
before i visited it, i thought that robots were more powerful and faster than humans but they could not carry out tasks requiring fine motor skills.
almost all industrial robots had some articulation to assume the various positions, so they could move just like human arms.
in addition, they were ministurized and had sensors which detected the contact of humans.
in japan, we have been facing a shrinking population so we need to use robots instead of humans.
the spread of collaborative robots would help us with sustained economic growth.
it is one of their usages, but i think that humans should be in charge of taking care of customers and robots should do background work.
it's white day today.
i sent an e-mail to my wife's mother to thank her.
i was asked the way to ginza station by two chinese travelers today.
please give me good advice!
vietnam is famous for holiday of tet.
it takes place from the first to the third day of the first month of the lunar calendar.
although it is short, these are the happiest days of whole year.
there are many special foods such as: banh chung,banh tet, sticky rice.
my son will graduate from kindergarten this month.
the mothers of the students at his school will hold a performance for their kids.
102 mothers will be participating.
we had several rehearsals this month.
it will be exciting for our kids.
the schedule that my boyfriend arranged is very comfortable.
my boyfriend and i will start to live in an apartment with the balcony that is as big as three rooms.
the schedule that was arranged by my boyfriend is very comfortable.
starting on march 22nd, my boyfriend and i will live in an apartment with a balcony that is as big as three rooms.
the schedule my boyfriend adjusted is very comfortable.
yesterday and the day before yesterday i went to one but now i am at another branch.
i actually didn't know how i got here but this branch is better.
so i ordered this one and searched online regarding this type of coffee.
another name of it is known as drip coffee.
this cafe is better than the other branch that i went to last night because it is lighter and the music is better.
it is wednesday evening and i am in starbucks.
yesterday and the day before i went to one but now i am at another one.
i actually don't know how i got here but this one is better.
i am a regular visitor to starbucks but it is my first time seeing this kind of coffee and it is cheaper than the other drinks on the menu.
so i ordered this one and looked up this type of coffee online.
i found out another name for it is drip coffee.
in order to save money, i will keep the coffee cup and bring it back tomorrow.
in spite of the number of people that the auditorium can accommodate, many british theatres don't receive money from the government and so they are forced to seek additional financing,for example, by arranging except platform performances, foyer music in the entrance, backstage tours, writer's events, outdoor entertainment, tours, etc.
contemporary theatres are experimenting not only with productions but also with the theatrical interior.
some of them have neither fixed staging nor fixed seating.
it is possible in particular to remove the seats and transform the room into a hall of impressive scale, where the high, fan-shaped arrangement of seats or comfortably cushioned benches, span the theatre.
i hope the package arrived safely.
2, i hope you received my package and it hasn't been damaged.
3, i would really appreciate it if you let me know you received my package and that is was in good condition.
could you teach me a natural and polite way to ask someone that if they have received my package safely?
2, i hope you received my package and that it arrived undamaged.
1. have you had the time to open my package?
3. i would really appreciate it if you could let me know if you've received my package and that it's in good condition.
i felt better today after i took some medicine.
i almost could not sleep yesterday because of my high temperature all night.
i thought that high-intensity exercise reduce my immunity.
the pictures show a dandelion on the roadside.
i saw some dandelions blooming on the side of a road.
i think that they are very strong and tough because they also endured a cold winter and began to bloom in spring.
i'll be going to australia in a week, and i'll be gone for at least a year.
farewell dr. hawking
dr.
i asked him "is he still alive?" and my boyfriend said, "yeah, he is alive".
he doesn't like movies much, but we watched the movie "the theory of everything" because he wanted to.
although i wasn't very interested in dr.
it became my favorite movie in 2014.
we will always love you, dr.
the new apartment is good overall, but the wall dividing the next room seems to be very thin.
being one hour ahead of you means that i'm in the future.
being one hour ahead of you doesn't mean anything.
being one hour ahead of you doesn't mean shit.
i wouldn't say anything to him because he's full of shit.
we don't need to know about rules when we're learning something, so fuck 'em.
he's the classic douchebag that nobody can stand.
i like coffee and drink it too much everyday.
i need some change.
i'm inclined to have a lot of coffee even though my friend suggested to me not too have too much.
a beautiful woman in front of me said "oh dear" and was quivering because she just saw inspectors on the tram.
at the reception, i was told to put on a mask to prevent a nosocomial infection.
the e-mail marred everything i had planned for saturday.
i can't relate to people who don't have a fundamental understanding of human decency.
he lacks decency in everything.
i conducted her skincare since she didn't have good skin condition.
something was pulling me into the marsh in my dream.
i'm not good at catching a glimpse of the food that other people are having at the restaurant while i'm deciding what to order.
i don't like people who scorn other people.
today i was asked,
"what do you think about socialism and communism?
these regimes are cruel and despotic.
tell me. what do you think?"
then i explained the differences between communism and socialism.
the first regime is a pipe dream because it is a utopia.
so private property and the property of the people are combined and you have both of these properties in your country.
if you want to know more, write to me and i will answer your questions.
i haven't regretted that i chose english as a language to learn.
i'm tremendously interested in the language.
do you hear the sound of the waves from the video?
i would like to share this feeling with everyone.
she seems to be bursting with pleasure, and this makes me happy, too.
look at this, doesn't the weather look amazing?
i have been learning japanese for more than three years. my daily conversation level is okay but writing is always the hardest part.
recently i have been involved with english to japanese translation at my current job.
i hope friends on lang-8 will help me with my writing.
thank you.
recently my work has  involved translating from english to japanese.
i hope people on lang-8 will help me with my writing.
good habits are important for me
it is wednesday morning and i've just arrived at the office.
it has always been my habit to write something down every morning before work when i worked in china, so now i want to develop this habit in my office in hong kong.
rewriting notes is very important and it helps me to know what my main focus is and how to have my work done step by step.
i came here to work in march 1st and 14 days has already passed.
the most important thing for me is to develop some appropriate habits so that i am able to live happily in a sustainable way.
we were working hard in the office when the phone rang.
i'm going to germany and poland this autumn on a sightseeing trip.
so, i'm learning german and polish by myself for greetings, shopping, and for asking directions.
german is difficult enough, but polish is so much more difficult!!!!!
i can't even distinguish which word they are saying.
i can only hear greetings, and very few words like "of course.", and "that's right.".
but i'll try my best.
today is what they call "white day" in japan.
boys send presents to girls.
my boyfriend will take me to a fancy restaurant.
i like smoking cigarettes, but smoking areas are becoming smaller and less numerous.
i don't want to bother people around me, so i always go to a smoking area when i smoke.
but they are always crowded.
and many cafes and restaurants don't have smoking areas.
i really want more areas for smoking.
our country is making many "non smoking areas" for the olympics in 2020.
this is necessary
but maybe they can improve the quality of each smoking area.
i hope they will.
if i had spare time, i wonder how i would use it.
would i study english more or finish my tasks twice as fast?
i think that time is very precious because it is limited, thus i try my best to make good use of it.
if i had plenty of time, i would never appreciate it and start to waste it.
i don't have much spare time, so i try my best to make good use of it. ori don't have much spare time, so i try to utilize it to the best of my ability.
many japanese people don't know the slant eyes gesture.
in japan, this gesture is often used as an angry gesture.
it looks like an angry face for us.
i guess many people don't get angry if they see the gesture.
you put your index fingers on your forehead.
some kids say "yesterday my mom was like it" while they do the gesture.
motivation to study
i have started thinking about my yet another attempt to approach english a couple of months ago.
i have just little demand for english.
there are few people in russia that you need to talk to in english in the office even in international companies.
let's leave aside the wide-spread case of trying to pass entrance exams and getting university education.
let's imagine that you're an ordinary 30 year
old
person, who has an average income, who usually has applied down to earth goals.
why are you doing what you are doing here?
there is an opinion that spending tax dollars on finding signs of life on other planets is just a waste, others believe that it is a big leap forward for all humankind.
firstly, quite often governments do not have enough money to fulfill some social or economic policies, and subsequently, the level of life in society can slump.
despite the fact that these investments can be very useful in the future, for situation, this is very bad.
secondly, in spite of the fact that people are very sure that they will find life on other planets, there is quite a big chance that we are alone in the galaxy.
so, if governments did not spend a lot of money on such projects, they would not face a lack of money because they still did not find life on other planets.
firstly, these investments can be justified if they find something on other planets because other planets may have some resources which people can use.
secondly, the earth is becoming less and less suitable for life because of environmental problems, global warming and so on, and that is why finding other life-supporting planets is not a crazy option.
some scientists have argued that the earth will explode or die in less than a thousand years, and maybe this was one of the main reason why some countries started such projects.
i support the first opinion because such a project can be very useful in the future,.however the bulk of the population still do not understand it.
we were sprinting across the meadow, but i caught up with him only when the wind started to blow the bag from left to right and from right to left, just as the staff sergeant had anticipated.
this zigzagging was to our advantage and we could almost reach the bag.
on the contrary, when the bag caught on a stone, the staff sergeant used the stick, which he was otherwise constantly swinging through the air, to free it so that it could roll on.
of course the staff sergeant immediately got ready to climb down the embankment to fish out the bag with the stick, but i managed to convince him that we could find a place that was less steep and less slippery a bit further down the river.
some people believe that women and men are equal in their rights and should have the same opportunities in such dangerous professions like being a soldier or a police officer, while others suppose that there are many differences between genders, and that is why women do not have the right to engage in "male occupations".
on the one hand, men and women are equal in their rights and should have the same opportunities.
firstly, a lot of people have thought that men are stronger than women, but they were proved wrong because time has shown that women are often tougher and more stress-resilient, and that is why they can solve problems in such jobs faster.
in other words, it is a stereotype which has been refuted.
for example, men are strong, while women are fast and crafty.
moreover, despite men tending towards action, women quite often think before acting.
so, as can be clearly seen from our world nowadays, there are many armies which consist mainly of women because they can operate some tasks better than men.
finally, this equality in rights is a global trend, and it explains why more and more countries provide access to the army for females.
on the other hand, both women and men have some peculiarities, and this means that for one gender a profession may be more suitable than for another.
firstly, women are mothers for their children and they have a greater impact on them than fathers, and subsequently, it is better for them to stay at home and take care of the children.
secondly, if women enlist, it may lead to some problems in the army.
in addition, in some countries, the army is not highly developed, and that is why they may be raped.
thirdly, the simplest argument, but the strongest is that women are just women, they should not be employed in jobs that require physical effort.
to sum up, despite some people thinking that women must not have access to the army, police and other like these, others argue that both genders should be equal in their rights.
i agree with that latter position because women can often some tasks better than men.
moreover, the army and police service can give some benefits to women like stability, social security or women may want to express their patriotism through such jobs.
to support my opinion, three reasons are listed as follows.
easy-to-catch rap music
by the way, one of my aims is to catch what rappers are rapping without lyric-sites.
if you know anyone whose rapping is easy to catch, please let me know.
easy to understand rap music
even though it is still march, i have decided that my favorite 2018 song is "rae sremmurd - powerglide".
by the way, one of my goals is to understand what rappers are saying without looking at lyric sites.
if you know anyone who can easily understand rap music, please let me know.
if you know any rap songs that are easy to understand, please let me know.
i usually start to sow seeds at this time, for exemple onions, cabbages, peas, parsnips and leeks, but this year the soil is not ready yet, so the harvest will be later.
i also have to prune my fruit trees, it's important for keeping them in good health and having a good harvest.
in short i will be busy when i finally can work outdoors, but it's not a problem because it's my hobby!
will i be able to work in the garden tomorrow?
i haven't been able to do anything since the beginning of the winter because it rained a lot, it froze and then it rained again.
i usually start to sow some seeds at this time, for example onions, cabbages, peas, parsnips and leeks, but this year the soil is not ready yet, so the harvest will be later.
in short, i will be busy when i finally could work outdoor, but it's not a problem because it's my hobby!
even online dictionaries don't help.
the idioms i came across with yesterday turned out to be absolutely unknown!
could you help me figure out their meanings, please?
a bright lad in spats;
a little ditch known as the panama canal;
stop clinging to something.
today, i was told that people could become happy by not clinging to things.
i have thought that i would have to work at my current company to earn my salary.
that means that if a man wants to avoid something, his subconsciousness can't help but recognize it.
a man came from a center that deals with introducing prospective residents to senior citizens' homes and related matters, who has been engaged in this business more than ten years.
here's some important points to consider if you want to make a wise choice on a senior citizens' home.
they postpone it for many years, during which time one of the couples may get dementia or another disease that may disqualify them from getting into one.
the building commands a very good view of kobe, one the "million-dollar" views as it was called before, not only from your room but also from a large bathroom.
after that we visited senior citizens' home b downtown.
it was about a ten-minute walk from a train station.
in home a, you have to pay a lot again to move to a nursing room from your general room in case you're too ill, but in home b you don't have to pay anymore money.
they seemed to be korean.
they wanted to go to arashiyama, and asked me whether they can get to there by nara line.
i told them that to get to arashiyama, you need to use the saganosanin line.
they looked disappointed and said thank you, then walked away.
after that, i regretted not taking them to the platform for arashiyama.
i'm not good with directions, and didn't have confidence.
today, at kyoto station, while i was on my way home, two men spoke to me.
they wanted to go to arashiyama. they asked me if the nara line would take them there.
i told them that, in order to get to arashiyama, they would need to use saganosanin line.
they looked disappointed. they thanked me and then walked away.
after that, i regreted that i did not escort them to the platform for arashiyama.
i'm not good with directions and i didn't have confidence in my ability to give clear instructions.
it has been six months since i wrote my last entry on lang-8.
now i finally have time to rest.
so it's time to throw myself back into english.
i was shocked when i read about the death of stephen hawking.
he was a talented person that was especially known for the "black hole theory".
he had a special disease in which he couldn't move and talk at all, but even with this sickness he won a nobel prize.
always, i feel that death is so far from these kinds of people.
i mean, i feel these people are immortal, but unfortunately it happens to everyone.
it is a big pity for humanity when these smart people die.
my eldest son graduated from high school the other day.
it is definitely spring!
and today, my youngest son graduated from junior high school.
my daughters and wife gave me some chocolate on valentine's day, so today i have to get some gifts for them.
i remember her talking about them just a few days ago.
and for my wife, i'm thinking of buying some haagen-dazs ice cream.
i might change my mind at the grocery store, though.
whatever i buy, i hope they'll like it.
and for my wife, i'm thinking of buying some haagen-dazs ice creams.
my daughters and wife gave me some chocolate on valentine's day, so today i am going to get some gifts for them.
i remember her talking about the cookies just a few days ago.
my daughters and wife gave me some chocolate on valentine's day, so today i've got to get some gifts for them.
for my second daughter, i think oreo cookies would be the best choice.
that's my plan for now.
to be controlled or not
i still had some undone tasks when closing time came, so i lingered at my office until 9:00 pm.
i hate this kind of day which lacks time.
on such days, i feel like i was restricted and manipulated by someone.
i want to control all of my life myself!
to make that happen, i am going to complete some of my desk work until closing time.
did you hear the sound of the waves from the video?
can you see the deep blue sky and beautiful surface of the sea?
it's an extremely beautiful and peaceful view.
i would like to share the sound of the waves and this feeling with my friends!
ah, namshan has been excited on the beach of the east sea.
although i can neither understand most english news nor communicate with foreigners, i'll continue my english study.
for example, people wearing red clothes."
please tell me whether you correspond to it or not.
the ministry of finance in japan revised a document concerning to the sell of a state-owned land to a private academic organization.
the ministry described that all of the procedures were done correctly at the japanese parliament councils.
the ministry completely denied that there was collusion with other japanese parliament members in the transaction.
however, the ministry recognized to delete some articles in the document and in the document, names of japanese parliament members were found.
it is clear that the ministry lied and an investigation into whether or not the procedure was properly completed is needed.
my lesson plan
*intermediate lesson*
*beginner lesson*
*correction; phonics, sentences *
you can choose between tight correction, smooth correction, or no correction.
the tight correction entails correcting every mistake.
the smooth correction entails correcting big or repeated mistakes.
no correction entails just focusing on the conversation without making corrections.
a wave of work is coming in.
if you want to get a job in japan, you have to provide your resume in many cases.
it is often said that a handwritten resume is still preferred.
when i was a college student, i was looking for a job and many people advised me to handwrite my resume, but i didn't.
i wondered why i had to handwrite it. instead, i typed my resume up on my computer.
if i ever change jobs, i will not handwrite my resume.
handwritten resume in japan
i try to make tutorials that would be easy to understand in a short time
in return, patrons will receive better content because of the increased skills and new technologies.
the tendency that men like being taller than women seem to reflect on male-dominant society.
also, there are many benefits, like accessibility to high places.
she has been looking for work since last year
he still has not fallen
he has never taken a cold shower in the mornings
the water has not been warmed yet
i have already spent the chocolates
an old lady visited my house this morning to ask me whether i've seen her cat.
she told me her cat has been missing for almost 4 months.
he is a 4 year old boy, and he ran away on january 1st.
to her, he is not just a cat but a family member.
somebody in my neighborhood told her he saw a cat that looked like hers the other day.
so she is trying to find him around here.
i told her that i would let her know if i saw him.
i hope she finds him.
i told her that i would let her know if i see him.
they teach me many diseases and i can learn about them.
what is the meaning of launching a mirrored disco ball into space?
i have read an article about a mirrored disco ball, which was launched into space this january.
i recall that the mirrored disco ball is called a "humanity ball".
it reflects sun light in many directions, because its surface is covered with mirrors.
in other words, it is just a mirror ball, with no other special functionality.
i think that this kind of event draws people's attention to the topic of space and to then maybe advertise something.
at first, i thought that this disco ball would become one more piece of space debris, which might become a problem for space development in the near future.
but now i have second thoughts about it, and think that this kind of action will be an impetus to rapidly develop a space industry.
i'm very interested in the development of space and the possibility of going to space, so i'm now open to these kind of activities.
they find out that neither little streams nor great rivers can flow backwards.
a young person becomes elderly just as green grass turns to yellow.
this naturally suggests the pressure of the passing of time.
but however slow it is, the fear of it grips people.
the books are about how to improve web performance, such as page loading speed and rendering speed.
they are a bit expensive, but i believe they are worth it.
if i had a cafe in my school, i could enjoy my meal because i am getting tired of box lunches.
i am wondering whether the tense of this sentence is correct or not.
one of my colleagues is curious about your lesson.
she works part time at our hospital and wants to have your lesson with her baby.
do you mind if she joins the lesson that i reserved for 20th?
now, the national stadium is being built in sendagaya.
if you come to tokyo when the tokyo olympic is held i recommend you take the train because the train tickets are cheaper than taxi and it will be safer compared to other transport methods.
the national stadium is currently being built in sendagaya.
it is for the tokyo olympics, which will be held in 2020 in japan.
i would like to watch soccer games there.
if you come to tokyo when the tokyo olympics are held, i recommend you use the train because train tickets are cheaper than taking a taxi and it will be safer than other modes of transportation.
i like to go to eat at a restaurant.
i am wondering who invents such a great place like restaurants.
anyway, i am now interested in steakhouses and such kind of restaurant.
i rarely visited like a steakhouse because i didn't like to eat meat, like beef, pork, etc.
however, these days, i feel a little bit different.
i am eager to eat meat, in particular beef.
that is a silly story of my recent life.
my female friend
a: i see...
it will take more than 8 hours to get there.
a: ah...
a: okay...
i love myself.
i tried to study japanese on my own several times, but it was hard to master even hiragana by myself.
therefore, i applied for a home-study course.
we will have our class in a meeting room for 20 minutes once a week.
she visited me for the first time today, and i learned the japanese alphabet like a child.
when i traveled in tsushima island last month, i had already bought two japanese books.
lunchtime
when will i be able to read them?^^;;;
i have so many errands to do.
i'm too sleepy to work now because i worked too late yesterday, even though i have a lot of things to do today.
i'm reminded of the line from of porco rosso: "don't work thoroughout the night.
lack of sleep is the enemy of work.
i went to a supermarket on the way home from my office yesterday and bought a pack of strawberries.
i ate some of them.
it's difficult for japanese people to use the word "know".
some people may say that vermilion wrote about it already if they saw my title, but i'll try this again.
i knew how to use the machine before, but now i've completely forgotten.
i just found out how to use the machine.
i hope you will start to use the word "know" correctly.
i don't like the cold.
i feel bad in the winter.
because i like the smell of flowers.
because i like colorful flowers.
you should let the water run a little bit so that the pipes won't freeze in below-zero temperature.
for people learning foreign languages, it is really important to have confidence.
it is especially important if you are learning how to speak.
but i can feel just how important it is when i lived in china.
during the first month in china, i was worried that the chinese might not understand what i am saying.
furthermore, many people were speaking their own dialects outside of school. i couldn't understand anything especially when the old people speak in their dialect.
women can now choose from a wider variety of jobs and fields than ever before.
women can now choose from a wider variety of jobs than before and more women are actively working in many different fields.
to verify the rationality of the proposed approaches, comparisons with existing approaches are presented.
chloe's parents suggested for me to stay close like family and go for drinks in the future even though chloe has died.
chloe's parents suggested that i stay close like family and go for drinks in the future even though chloe has died.
he was called a "wandering poet of the time".
he was loyal to his modifier.
having said that, the school isn't working as a school but instead it is many related companies that creating and accommodate.
i've been to the school several times when the school was holding an event.
having said that, the school isn't functioning as a school anymore. instead, it houses many creative companies.
secondly, the passing of time has put pressure on them.
new years means that children are moving to the splendid period of their life.
one development we often hear about is ''automation of transport''.
recently the automated train prototype successfullytraveled for hundreds of kilometers without human intervention. some expect automated transportation will become commonplace in the future.
for now, the maglev is the fastest transport in the world, so for time being it will continue to play an important role.
campus life
i majored in business administration.
after entering university, i took many interesting classes.
i especially love classes in which student discuss topics with each other.
i enjoyed meeting a lot of different people.
i have decided to cut my long hair
i have been  wearing my hair long about five years and in the past few days, i decided to cut it.
so today, in the afternoon i went the barbershop where i used to go.
but it was full of people. i had supposed that today, tuesday, it might be empty, but i was wrong.
the hairdresser told that if i wanted to stay i t would have to wait for more than an hour., it was a long time and i decided to come back tomorrow.
i hope tomorrow there will not be so many people as today.
i am used to having long hair, even when i was a kid.
in high school, long hair was forbidden by the authorities and teachers.
but when i was in college i returned to wearing it long.
now i am beginning to do the opposite. how ironic.
i have noticed that i have begun to lose my hair., i don't know why maybe because of my heritage from my father.
my males relatives on my father's side began to lose hair when they were young as well.
i will shift from long hair to a bald head.
t i actually t don't like it on me.
the hairdresser told me that if i wanted to stay i had to wait for more than an hour, which was a long time so i decided to come back tomorrow.
i hope tomorrow there will be less people than today.
i am used to having long hair, even from when i was a kid.
but when i was in college i grew it back.
now the opposite is starting to happen, how ironic.
i have noticed that i have begun losing my hair. i don't know why, maybe i inherited this from my father.
i will trade long hair for a bald head.
some free time
i haven't written something here in a long time.
how's it going, community?
i am working alone at my job because my coworker left,
and i was responsible for three hundred computers until
when i read the stories of sherlock holmes written by aurther conan doyle in the past, i expected to have trouble understanding the writing style of 19th century english.
however, i was able to read it without much trouble regardless of unfamiliar expressions here and there.
there may not be big differences between 19th century english and present day english.
on the other hand, japanese language has changed dramatically in the early 20th century, especially in written language.
traditionally, colloquial language and written language were worlds apart in japanese.
in this movement, they tried to integrate the hard-to-understand written language with the plainer colloquial one.
it took some time, but after ww2, almost all literal works came to use a writing style easier for everyone to understand.
now, ordinary japanese people might not be able to understand the literal works written during the meiji period.
when i read the stories of sherlock holmes written by aurther conan doyle, i expected to have trouble understanding the writing style of 19th century english.
on the other hand, japanese language has changed dramatically in the early 20th century, especially the literary language.
traditionally, the colloquial language and literary language were worlds apart in japanese.
in this movement, they tried to integrate the hard-to-understand literary language with the plainer colloquial one.
it took some time, but after the ww2, almost all literary works came to use the an easier writing style for everyone.
nowadays, ordinary japanese mightn't understand the literary works written during the meiji period.
i hope scientists develop new medicines and vaccines.
we have to do our best, because we are going to play a gig next month.
i asked her, "what is a civil wedding?"
some couples only register their marriage.
he was seen crying at the front door, but he reassured his mom, "i've done it."
he was crying at the front door, but he reassured his mom with, "i'm done."
i'm here to learn english and my native language is arabic. i'm from algeria.
i'm on a trip in tokyo.
yesterday, i had nothing to do in particular, so i decided to spend the evening seeing 'the shape of water' at the theater. it's really famous for winning a number of movie awards.
sally hawkins does a great performance as the main character. 'only she can attract audiences like this,' i thought.
after finishing the movie, i wondered if the word 'water' in the title could be replaced with 'love.'
after finishing the show, i wondered if the last word of the title, 'water', could be replaced by another one 'love'.
in this movie, i think water is not only an obstacle but a catalyst to get true love.
i'm currently on a trip in tokyo.
sally hawkins, the lead actress, performed extremely well. i'm convinced only she could draw in audiences like this.
in this movie, i think water is not only an obstacle but also a catalyst to find true love.
the dancing woman was his girlfriend.
is the anisong loved by many people?
yesterday, i bought clothes even though i hadn't intended to buy them.
i'm satisfied that i bought a trench coat and a denim jacket!
i can play only 3 or 4 chains but i want to watch its professional games!
is this anime song loved by many people?
are there a lot of people who like anime songs?
i dreamt about visiting the zoo last night..
i usually dream about work.
last weekend, i went to the used book store the half price book.
i wanted the dvd for ghibli, but there was nothing in the store.
i bought the one of harry potter series instead.
he gets thinner day day by day because of having less of an appetite when the fever lasts for a while.
he must be drained now by fighting against the virus inside him.
i am hoping that he gets full recovered from illness and get right back in swing.
apart from that, i am getting worn out by parenting, doing housework and my job.
i've lessened the amount of alcohol i drink.
originally i liked to drink not only beer, but also sake, wine and whiskey.
once i start to drink, i feel like continuing until i am satisfied.
i think it is not good for my health and life so i made up my mind to stop drinking so much.
now i get up at 5 am and go to a cafe to work on my laptop.
i feel like i can use my time effectively.
today, a party is held by only women in my company.
this is the first time joining the party since i started to work for this company.
i'm looking forward to this.
of talent and effort.alternately: talent and effort.
if you are interested in baseball, you must have heard of ichiro.
he is a japanese baseball player who belongs to seattle mariners in major league baseball.
several days ago every news program and news paper reported on him because he moved to the seattle mariners from miami.
several years ago he belonged to the mariners, then he joined the new york yankees for some reason.
so, this is a comeback.alternately: so, this is him coming back.
he held many records in both japanese baseball and major league baseball.
i don't think that we should consider this as being merely thanks to his talent.
he must have made more of an effort than the other players.
the man who has talent and makes great effort can achieve an extraordinary feats.
however, first and foremost, he likes baseball.
he likes it the most out of all the players.
that's why he is still an active player despite his age being over 40.
talent and effort.
he is a japanese baseball player who belongs to the seattle mariners in major league baseball.
several days ago, every news program and newspaper reported on him because he moved from miami to the seattle mariners.
until several years ago he belonged to the mariners, but then he moved to the new york yankees for various reasons.
so, this is a come back.
i don't think that we should consider this as merely thanks to his talents.
a man who has talent and makes great efforts can achieve an extraordinary feat.
he likes to get the best out of all players.
that's why he still continues to be an active player despite his age at over 40.
i felt my face becoming colder, and tear drops along my cheeks.
after a few seconds, he lifted his shoulder.
when i attended a lesson at school, one of my classmates asked me "what are you up to tomorrow?
i said, "i have nothing to do tomorrow," and then, he invited me to go to a night club with his friends.
actually, i seldom go to the night club therefore i respond vaguely lol. i was so happy that he invited me.
anyway, i finally found whom i study with prior to the school.
i just want to study with someone who can teach me.
i want to know what are my weakness points more clearly.
if i could cooperate with them in studying,
i would get a better score than before.
recently, i changed how to answer on the toeic test because i didn't have enough time to answer all of the questions.
deswegen lud ich meine amerikanische freundin zum essen mit mir ein.
es war echt interessant..
zu diesem anlass lud ich meine amerikanische freundin zum essen mit mir ein.
some houses including the protagonist's still remain in spite of the bomb drop about 200 years ago.
in my game, sanctuary hills is a place where all my companions stay except for preston garvey, so it's a really homey place.
some settlers wearing power armors are walking around the area.
there are two dead bodies of unique npcs, and they were the bodies of decon and carla.
however she still kept roaming around my settlement, so i got annoyed and killed her.
some settlers wearing power armor are walking around the area.
if you thrust into neoprene, a cloth, with your arm, how would you feel?
no matter how hard you thrust into it, you would not have a real feeling of thrusting.
if you trust neoprene which is made of cloth with your arm, how do you feel?
it's sunny this morning, but japanese cedar pollen has scattered everywhere.
i'm in pain because of it.
i tired packing for my move, and i'll keep working on it today.
if it's not hay fever, then it's easy.
one, her life is her own.
two, her dream to document history is great, but i would advise her to imagine her parents and her friends being in tears.
it was not so crowded when i started climbing, but it got very crowded at 9 o'clock.
i was satisfied because i was able to clear all the 4th grade routes in one day.
next time i will try the 3rd grades.
it will take time to clear all the 3rd grades.
conscious consumption is a rational way of shopping.
it is responsibility for ecology and ethics.
behind every thing there is industry, damage to environment and work from many people.
the responsibility of excess production rests not only with producers, but with each of us.
everyone can be eco-friendly and carefully select shopping, recycle unnessesary and buy less.
it's as easy as it seems.
i think that the idea of conscious consumption is very popular now.
for example, swap-parties are widespread, especially among young people.
this is a meeting where participants exchange their clothes which are valued, but are no longer used by them, for clothes which they will wear.
it is taking responsibility for ecology and ethics.
behind everything there is industry, damage to the environment and the work of many people.
there is the rule of 3 "r"s: reduce, reuse and recycle.
everyone can be eco-friendly by carefully selected shopping, recycling unnecessary items and buying less.
it's easier than it seems.
searching for a new home
i am searching for a new home because i need to commute to my new workplace.
however, it is moving within tokyo.
i would like to get a new home nearer my new job location.
how long does it take you to get to your workplace and how do you get there?
i go to my workplace by a train and i would like to get a home which is as close to my workplace as possible.
searching for a new home
i am searching for a new home because i will commute to a new workplace.
however, it means moving to within tokyo.
i would like to get a new home nearer to my new workplace.
how long does it take to get to your workplace and how do you get to your workplace?
i will go to my workplace by train, and i would like to get a home which is possible to go to my workplace as soon as possible.
i am looking for a new home because of the commute to my new job.
i'll still be living inside tokyo though.
i would like to get a new home closer to my new job.
how long does it take you to get to your job and how do you get there?
i will take a train to work, and i would like to get a home as close to work as possible.
right now, i'm still working on my natural voice.
i know i have a long way to go to master singing with my natural voice, but this time, i tried singing the same song in a slightly higher key for comparison.
it'd make me happy if you listened to my singing!!
life overseas
there are youtubers who are living in foreign countries.
fortunately, their way of life and their new environments fit well together.
the ideal society was created over a long time by different people.
q: for what purpose are you studying english?
a: eventually i would like to use it for business communication.
for now, i am only able to read small messages.
i woke up early today, at around 8:30.
now i forgot what i spent the first hour doing.
after washing my face and brushing my teeth, i started to read zizhi tongjian, just finishing two pages.
then i spent 30 minutes modifying my diary on lang-8 and around 40 minutes on the website new concept english.
the stocks i bought were down around 1.0% today.
i was going to redeem some money from my funds.
in the afternoon, i learned some new things about computer algorithms which i thought were boring.
last week i had an interview.
this means nothing is worthy of debating.
so in that interview, i always thought the opposition was saying nothing incorrect.
but i had to refute them.
the hr must think i was foolish.
the day after tomorrow i'm gonna have an interview with a debate again.
some strange norms
i was born in a rural area of china, and there were a lot of strange norms there.
for example:
you can't eat with the guests.
second, children are not supposed to sit at a certain side of the table.
third, you are not supposed to receive a gift with one hand.
you must use both hands.
i didn't write in my diary since i couldn't log in to lang-8 a few days ago.
shit like this happens in china as the website always runs on overseas servers.
i'd like to list some other wierd things about bad luck today.
the process of the python course got stuck so that i had to leave the office early.
two of my favorite games needed to updated.
it would be a long time before they were downloaded because the total data was nearly 10 gb.
another game platform, origin, which is a product of ea couldn't work either.
i think tomorrow will be fine, because today is a little bad.
according to financial experts, nickel is typical case of a lagging index, and in recent years sales of this metal have been sluggish.
therefore, many mining companies have reduced their nickel mining investments. as a result, supply of this lustrous metal has failed to meet the current rising demand.
in addition, the recovery of the global economy and the automation of industry are also facilitating this rise.
the mining industry pointed out that it is highly challenging to increase the production because of the long weak demand for nickel and the shortage of investment from mining companies. this has caused the nickel shortage and driven up prices.
my friends find these essays and stories very ___enjoyable???_______________.
enjoyable.
enjoy!
so i wonder what the difference between them is.
i really don't understand it...
what is "liking"?
so i wonder, what is the difference between them?
i really don't understand...
when i watch a movie, a father often says,"i love you" to his kids and the kids often say, "i love you, too."
they never say, "i like you" or "i like you, too".
today was a long day for me.
it went from 7a.
m to 12 p.m. it was  a productive day.
and tomorrow will be a hard working day too.
it was already at 2:00 before i knew it.
i played "pes 2018" too much to sleep well!
tomorrow i should go to my job.
i will go to taiwan for a business trip this weekend.
it will be the first time in a month since i went there.
i will go to taiwan on a business trip this weekend.
anna is good at working and communicating within a team to achieve shared goals and always ready to learn new concepts.
she has the following personal qualities: the ability to learn quickly, sociability, responsibility, concentration on team work, industrious and purposefulness.
this is my first contribution.
tomorrow, i'm moving into a new house.
i live in a city in the north of japan.
so it's cold in march.
but my new house is in a city further south!!
it's hard packing all my things.
but it feels good to see my room clean!
how to evaluate trust in a relationship
trust is one of the vital elements in every relationship.
but how should we measure it and how much trust should there be?
c still stays silent about his salary amount, his family, and his plans for our future.
i am not interested in money but i just want to know how much more he cares for me than his money, and how important i am compared to his assets.
i work for the local government.
it is said that the public employees in the rural area are winners.
lest of the people, who has been living in a country side, get married when young because it's difficult to live alone.
kids may be imprinted on the mind to get a formal job.
if i had more information about jobs, i should or would have chosen another job.
i do not agree that we should pay more for things which we enjoy doing.
it does not make sense to me.
i have some points with examples to support it.
first of all, we must think about poor people.
if leisure activities become too expensive, these people simply cannot afford entertainment.
as an example, families that have some problems with money will not be able to continue the tradition of going to an amusement park.
lately, we do not have enough time for pleasure today, because we are so busy.
for example, if i finally found time to go to the cafe with my friends, i would not like my plans to collapse because of a problem with money.
i would like to conclude with the idea that good mood and pleasant memories make our lives better.
the power of the internet to help people
the photo got everyone's attention because it showed the teacher teaching his students how to use the text editor microsoft word in the classroom.
however, he was using the blackboard instead of a computer and he could accurately draw the editor screen on the blackboard with just chalk because the school has had no computers since 2011.
after a businesswoman saw the photo, she decided to tweet microsoft in africa and the giant company decided to help the school by providing a computer and access to the microsoft certified educator program, and free professional development resources.
i saw the lady who helped me last year.
she approached me and asked me if i had ever been there before and who helped me file my taxes.
she asked me as many questions as when we first did business.
but either way i still had to pay federal taxes.
although he knew he should cry.
but his older sister jasmin cried, his mother cried and his father cried too.
but he must not have cried because he was a cat, the most cool cat in the world.
people said that everything l would be alright, life would be normal and everything would be forgotten.
but cursed time passed and passed and nothing changed.
every day life was getting to be even worse.
father was drinking.
jasmin had dyed her hair to a pink colour, but her mood was like a black cloud.
she had disappeared.
but jamy hoped that soon a day would come when they would be happy again, even his second sister rose, who livedt on the stone shelf.
when i was young i used to go to work driving my car through the city centre but in the last few years i usually drive on a large new highway to go to work, because it's faster.
this evening i had to go to the city and i had to go through the same way of the past.
i think because there is the new highway around the city and there also is a new subway so the people use the first one if they have to go from one end to the other or they use the second one if they had to go to the downtown area.
a command set, which has the same conformities to law, appears even in this very simplified version of the real world.
results testify that general rules together with the amount of speakers influence how a language grows and develops.
for example, english and chinese, have simple grammatical structures.
however, languages spoken only in one mountain valley or in one village often have very difficult and tangled grammar.
what exactly is the connection between the number of native speakers and the grammar and dictionary of a language?
than more people speak a certain language, the simpler its grammar and the larger its vocabulary.
when we study a new language, the study of words is not the most intricate problem.
the study of grammar, in turn, is not a simple task.
it happened that in large groups "words" really spread more quickly.
nevertheless, grammatical innovations spread slowly, as "people" did not have the opportunity to meet for quite a while and to pass the innovation to each other.
nevertheless, in small groups there were opposite conformities to law: individuals often met, therefore if someone invented some grammatical innovation, the group caught it considerably more quickly.
however, new words in such groups were created less often, for the simple reason that they were created by a smaller number of "people."
at the end of the eigthteenth century russia started to colonize alaska.
according with the papal bull "inter caetera", signed by the pope alejandro vi in 1493, spain had the right to colonize all the territory of the new world except brazil.
during 250 years no spaniard explored north america until the news of the russian colonization of alaska arrived to mexico.
when they arrived to the current-day city of san francisco, juan de ayala, saw an island full of gannets.
over time this island has become in one of the most famous places in the world.
according to the papal bull "inter caetera", signed by the pope alejandro vi in 1493, spain had the right to colonize all of the territory of the new world except brazil.
during 250 years any spaniard explored north america until the news of the russian colonization of alaska arrived in mexico.
over time this island has become one of the most famous places in the world.
it seems like there's a rule but with so many exceptions.
i hope this is able to help me burn more fuel learning spanish.
do the previous two sentences mean the same thing?
when i left my room, two of the three elevators of my condo stopped working and my room is on the 24th floor of 36 floors, so i waited for long time until i took it.
on top of that, i had to attend many meetings at various venues, so i could not do desk work i had to do asap and i had to do it until i had finished them.
finally, it took a very long time and i arrived at home very late.
this morning i woke up very late because i was drinking with my former teammates until late at night.
when i left my room, two of the three elevators of my condo stopped working and because my room is on the 24th floor out of 36 floors, i waited for a long time until i could take it.
on top of that, i had to attend many meetings at various venues, so i could not do the desk work i had to do asap and so i had to do it until i had finished them.
anna ist gut in der arbeit und der kommunikation innerhalb des teams.
2nd-level-support in der materialwirtschaft:
nobody wants to hang out with him, because he's such a showoff.
that dictionary can kiss my ass, because i'm not going to trust it anymore.
that dictionary can kiss my ass, because i'm not going to trust it any more.
that dictionary can kiss my ass because i'm not going to trust it no more.
she passed them to him and he tasted the soup again and said, "much better!
she rushed into her chicken coop and soon came back with a freshly slaughtered fowl.
it's 1
am in my country and i cant sleep because i slept this afternoon.
i am learning two languages: japanese and english.
i am learning english and japanese for work.
i attended an english grammar course and today was the first day of class.
when evening approached, he thought that her husband would soon return and said, "thanks for the use of your pot and your stove."
although she was suspicious of him at first, she was tired of cooking for her husband everyday and opened the door for him.
he replied, "i need nothing special because i have my soup stone" and pulled out a stone from his pocket, and showed it to her.
so, looking back, say, ten years ago, i can see how much progress i have made
my selected destinations were spain and portugal, where i i traveled to last august, in summer.
at first, i had struggled with my deep-rooted fear of making major decisions, such as taking up this journey, because i had no prior experience of traveling by myself.
fromday one when i sat on that bus seat, i already started feeling different.
and so my trip began: from croatia, through italy, france, spain, and finally portugal, my last destination.
the first day was definitely one of the most tiring ones, because most of our daytime was filled with bus travel through italy, where we enjoyed the abundance of its fields and hills.
the next day we traveled to arles, an attractive, but scorching hot little town in france, with lots of streets and turns that look alike, and you might get lost if you don't pay attention, which is what i almost did.
it has an amazing hill called montjuic, from where you can see a panorama of the whole city, its harbor, the cool red cable cars, and of course, its splendid sea.
one day of sightseeing couldn't possibly be enough to cover this gigantic city, to taste the wide variety of foods it offers, buy souvenirs, and visit all its museums and cathedrals.
and that's why i am thankful that we were there for two days.
it was like a world of its own.
after that was granada, where we visited alhambra. it was a mysterious but pleasant citadel, with lots of flowers, fountains, bushes, and entrances.
granada was likely my second favorite destination on my trip, which i hope to visit again sometime.
sometime around day six, we finally entered portugal, with faro being the first town we visited.
and at last, we arrived at lisbon.
my only regret about this city is that we spent only around 2-3 hours there, which was in no way enough for us to see as much as we wanted to.
the same day we went to fatima, where we said our prayers and visited plenty of interesting gift shops. finally we visited porto, which blew me away with it's steep streets, many cool shops, and breathtaking seaside.
of course, i saw the 'grand' red carpet where many celebrities take pictures, but i haven't gotten any picture of myself since i had no one who i wanted to take a picture with.
but looking at that whole journey from a different perspective, i realize i planned my time really well, got some new insights, found amazing new places which i relished, and that...
this journey was a comfort?, as well as a much needed eye-opener.
sunrise will be at 5:51 and sunset will be at 17:43 today.
recently, sunrise is getting earlier by 1 minute every day, and sunset is getting later by 1 minute.
before 25 and after 50, are the ages that can potentially lead to health problems for the child.
because when the parents are these ages the baby can be born with a variety of issues, such as autism, seclusion, low self confidence and so on.
so, it's better that parents pay attention to all of these important elements so as to have a healthy baby.
recently, i have room in my heart because i decided to resign my current job and will be joining a new company.
a successor is taking over my job.
i have to work for only three more days at my current company, so i've done all i can.
that's why i have time more than ever to do something i like, such as running or learning to write english on lang-8.
i have already run over 60km this month.
it releases my stress and it is good for my health.
my running goal this month is to run over 150km and to run 10km within 45 minutes.
i will report whether or not i achieve my goal or not this month at the end of month on lang-8.
taiwan is a quiet place with a slow pace of life.
taiwan has a great natural view and with nice people.
when i traveled around taiwan, i didn't feel the greedy atmosphere for money.
instead, i experienced the hospitality and warm hearts.
i will be staying here with an open mindset and i will live an economical life in order to achieve financial stability.
however, as time went by, the university enrollment rate of women has been increasing, and these women became career women.
since then, the other types of family styles have emerged.
things that i love to do in seoul
picnic in han river: going to han river park and having chicken or takeaway pizza with friends after bike riding.
han river is one of the most beloved places by seoulites.
it is just really great to have a stroll in the park on the weekend.
just like with fashion in seoul, people here are always craving for good, new stuff in terms of food.
consequently, many food spots come and go.
not only are there franchise coffee shops and restaurants, but there are also good local bakeries and cafes to check out.
japanese, chinese, french, italian, mexican...
you name it, and it's there!
i am studying english to be able to write long english sentences.
but,i cannot easily write english.
i wrote in lang-8 for the first time in a while.
i think i'm going to post more on here little by little.
our clients asked us to be at work before 9:30 am so i have to get up extra early.
by the way, i always sit in my cubicle with bad posture so i think i look like i have a hump when i walk.
"we lost these two games for episodes but we have to start from the episodes and the heart that we put in these 2 games."
i guess the reason is that the parents could raise their child more easily, because an elder sister would mostly take care of her brother.
that gives them better access to public transportation.
my boss is a rare person who never asks his subbordinates to work overtime, so i expected to leave school at 6 p.m. on the dot.
before i was hired, he had been the only japanese teacher there.
he showed me how to do the jobs in our subject.
since his workplace is far from from here, it was kind of a business trip for him.
i have many new things to learn.
it was interesting to learn them and not too difficult.
i usually prepare to leave at this time, but in front of my supervisor, it was impossible.
besides, visitors were still in the room.
i tried to find a topic, and got one.
i told the vice principal that once again i'll be playing music at the entrance ceremony in april.
he glared strongly.
of course, he hadn't forgotten my mistake when i played the national anthem prior to his declaration at the graduate ceremony.
by now it was almost 5:55.
he began to explain about the music for the upcoming ceremony.
i pretended to check it too, but i just wanted to know the time.
i wanted to shout "let me leave right now!" but i did only in my head.
i had to take the train at 6:23, if not, i would be late for my promise.
it might have been a bit rude, too direct.
you can leave soon." i dashed to the station and got the train in time.
i cursed myself, for being careless.
i was worried that i had to stay a room at a hotel, but fortunately my landlady was still awake and answered my phone call.
today was an eventful day, but i think i enjoyed it!?
my boss is a rare kind of boss who never asks the people he supervises to work overtime, so i expected to leave school right at 6 p.m.
our school has three vice principals, and one of them came over to sanda to meet me this afternoon.
he showed me how to teach our subject.
i have experiences teaching at full-time schools, but here, in a correspondence school, they do things differently.
i have many things to relearn.
it was interesting to learn them, and not too difficult.
my boss was still talking with a family that wanted advice on how to get their child's diploma.
i usually prepare to leave at this time, but since i was right in front of my supervisor, i couldn't.
and visitors were still in the room too.
i tried to think of something to say, and then something came to me.
i said to the vice principal that i will be playing music at the entrance ceremony again in april.
his eyes flashed with worry.
he asked me for my usb stick and plugged it into his small laptop.
he made a folder in my usb and dragged files from his laptop into it.
he began to explain about the music for that ceremony next month.
he said, "you should play this song exactly 5 minutes before the beginning of the ceremony.
he continued his lecture, telling me that playing music properly is an essential part of the ceremony and he expects me to listen to the tracks and learn them well beforehand.
at that point, i knew i'd have to take the 6:23 train, otherwise i would be late for my date.
when the visitors left, i stood up and put on my jacket and scarf.
my boss looked at me confused at first, but then he said, "oh sorry, i didn't realise how late it had gotten.
you can leave now." i dashed to the train station and managed to get to the train in time.
i keep all my keys on it, so i wouldn't be able to enter my school if i went there.
i cursed myself for being careless.
i was worried that i would have to stay at a hotel, but fortunately my landlady was still awake and answered my phone call.
today was a hectic day, but i think i enjoyed it!
i had written something different than this, but i did something wrong, and i fucked this up.
the girl in green was the only one who laughed, whereas the rest of the people were all like, "what the fuck are you talking about, man?"
the girl in green was the only one who laughed, whereas the rest of people were all like, "what the fuck are you talking about, bro?"
on the morning, i went to the dentist to have my teeth checked, i had nothing to bad.
i had surprise farewell party today!
i'd really appreciated it if you would correct my english!
"contribute to the community in information utilization"
he was like, "what do you call a guy who never farts in public?"
the largest lake in japan is here.
the lake is called lake biwa.
it provides a lot of water to kinki.
one of our most famous foods is crucian carp sushi..
it smells awful but tastes terrific!
if you ever come here, you should try it.
my cat likes cat grass.
when the cat grass grows to fifteen cm, i will give it to my cat.
i always plant cat grass in the hallway of my apartment, so my cat wants to go out the door to eat them.
but if your cat eats too much cat grass, the cat might vomit.
so give a moderate amount to your cat.
my wife and my two sons are playing mahjong now because my sons have finished their entrance exams.
they like playing mahjong.
i am correcting my friend's journals on lang-8, so i am not playing mahjong now.
i am correcting my friend's journals on lang-8, so i won't be playing mah-jongg with them.
having said that, we're not going to somewhere different.
we're just going to bring our picnic mats and lunch to the same park we usually go, but i'm really excited anyways.
at first, i remained at my watchpoint on the wall, but when he spun around to check on me, i finally jumped down as well and followed after him.
the staff sergeant seemed sanguine, though, as he pointed ahead.
i am on my lunch break and my coworker is currently outside for lunch.
eating in hong kong is very expensive so i bought a sandwich from a convenience store this morning.
a sandwich costs around 3 usd but a meal in a restaurant costs 6 usd.
i need to think about how to make coffee myself and get at least two bottles of coffee prepared for work everyday.
i am thinking of making some coffee with grounded coffee beans or instant coffee powder one day in advance.
that will help me save at least 2 usd everyday.
i would like to put them in my backpack before i go to work.
i need to develop some sustainable routines to live a economical life, then, i would be able to achieve financial stability.
if i am able to save around 3000 hkd a month, then i would be able to generate 36,000 hkd a year.
then, i could give my parents 10,000 hkd during chinese new year.
i really hope that my parents will be happy when they see how financially stable i am.
i consulted some methods via the internet before i made them.
my kids liked to eat it.
3.11.2011
when the tsunami happened, i was in ikebukuro, tokyo, with friends.
all of trains were shutdown, so we were going to stay in the station.
but it was too cold to stay there, so we went to rikkyo university.
on the way to the university, some guys tried to hit on us because we were in our school uniform.
i thought, "they should release their workers.
japan is crazy." lol
we arrived at the bus station at 7 pm.
i love to send emails, write reports, and meet people.
i have hay fever.
today, i noticed that my son has hay fever too.
i took part in the demonstration near the prime minister's office to call on abe to resign.
usually, there are many bicycles already parkedin the parking spaces by the time i arrive.
after work, sometimes i find that my bicycle was knocked over by accident or strong wind.
however, it really irritated me when i found out that my bicycle was broken because it was knocked over on the ground.
today, i heard the clatter of chains when i started pedaling.
it seemed that the chains were touching the frame of the bicycle.
i know that nothing lasts forever, but i like my bicycle very much and want to ride it as long as i can.
yeah, she knows that i cried a lot when my ex-boyfriend and i broke up, and also when my ex ex boyfriend and i broke up...
i guess in any language, there are words that will cause a big problem if you use them the wrong way.
of course, there are some in japanese.
by the way, lately i've had a lot of topics i want to talk about.
actually, i was going to write about dog commands, or the ratio of fault in bike accidents, but i'm not up for them today.
that's what i thought, but some english words are confusing and they will cause problems if i use them the wrong way.
well, i have to apologize in advance, because today's post is kind of dirty minded.
if i say i love cream pie by mistake, i'll be a pervert, right?
of course, i mean a pastry filled with fresh cream, a cream puff.
there's another, more risky word.
the full japanese title is "pocket monster".
recently, i learned that's a nasty expression.
in japan, we would never associate "pocket monster" with that thing.
when we hear "pocket monster", we picture small, pocket-sized creatures.
pikachu in a poke ball is pocket-sized, right?
so please don't get the wrong idea from japanese people saying, "i love playing pocket monster!"
also, i thought the phrase "have a ball" was a dirty expression until recently.
it looks like some english words are pretty risky to use.
like for example, cream puff and cream pie.
well, i should apologize in advance, because today's post is kind of dirty-minded.
if i say i love cream pie by mistake, i'll seem like a pervert, right?
watch out for perverts.
some english words seem risky to use.
i guess all languages have words that will cause you trouble if you use them the wrong way.
of course, we have some in japanese.
actually, i was going to write about dog commands or the ratio of fault in bike accidents, but i'm not up for those today.
i recently read some english articles about slang.
like, for example, cream puff and cream pie.
if i accidentally say i love cream pie, i'll seem like a pervert, right?
i enjoy using this site, not only for making corrections for each other, but also for communication.
i hoped that it might help them studying japanese, and actually i have been lazy about writing e english at the same time.
i will change my habit, but i hope it will not bother you.
i hope it might help them for studying japanese, and at the same time, i have been lazy about writing in english.
what do you think about different ways of collecting information?
newspaper, tv, news app?
i think twitter is still a good tool even it takes over 10 years for it to emerge.
but, every day i'm confused about the number of followers.
because if there are too much, i get completely overwhelmed with information.
men who have been given chocolates by women return chocolates, cakes or other sweets to them on white day.
it's japanese traditional habit.
but i wonder if it is the same in other countries.
something sweet
however, i'll hold off on it, because it is time for me to go to bed.
a big fire occurred at a commerical center in the city  causing confusion. however, many people were able escape.
march 10th, at noon, many people were playing and shopping for a weekend, and relaxing at a commerical center on b street in city a? when fire suddenly spread out the sides of the center.
at this time, alarm bells rang loud  amonst a burnt smell and black smoke, as a result many people were able to escaped.
the roof burning place was the big advertisment table hang at the front side of the center. the roof burned the big advertisment table in front side of the center.
the fireman from the building and surrounding area removed the fire, but were not able to save the building.
after that, the local police delivered many specialized cars and tens of officers to the scene and finally extinguished the fire?
i watched the shape of water last weekend because of the fame and honors it gained at the 90th oscars ceremony.
it is a great choice if you want to watch a beautiful, romantic movie on a cozy sunday afternoon.
the retro music and dark color palette of the scenes appealed a lot to me.
but to be honest, the best motion picture of the year is an overstatement for it.
i agree that sally hawkins has put forward a wonderful performance on the screen, but the other parameters mentioned were good but not good enough to defeat the competition.
by the way, i always love non-human characters, but the so-called god creature in the film doesn't have any non-human characteristics in his personality.
the other thing i am concerned about these days is that i found it very hard to get a word in during my group discussion.
they are all very nice guys, but i could not follow the rhythm of the conversation.
usually, they just continue with the topic and i end up not saying anything.
it is so frustrating when the same story happens again and again, and i am becoming the taciturn person being left out.
especially when they are making jokes or talking in a witty way, i cannot understand a single word even though i know they are making fun of something.
unit 2, titled "a day at the beach?" is set in the first term of the course.
i'm the prevailing reader of the english section in our company.
i have become an indispensable part of my company.
i'm an avid reader in the english section in my company.
i'm vibrant, vigorous and my effort is commendable.
however, i can't take a book that i borrow out of the library.
reading is allowed only in the library.
i need more sales experience because i am a independent business person.
but i don't have enough skill so i am always curious about what other people do for sales.
it's a manga so i can read it very easily.
the author wrote the book based on her experience, so it is a really good book.
my work will be over in a day.
when i finish working, i want to sleep for a long time first.
in addition i will go shopping for shoes.
also, i will talk with my friends and sleep again.
i want to read books, eat delicious food and listen to music.
i cannot do anything more.
i had terrible hay fever symptom when i stayed in kyoto two days ago.
i think that i didn't have as much water as usual on the day.
the person who purposely draws attention to himself
there is a person who always annoys others by drawing attention to himself.
he may pretend to be confident, but i think that his arrogant behavior degrades himself.
i think that the person who brags about his position is only capable by that much.
such a person is always annoying me and i am mentally exhausted.
so the restaurants have so many seats to pack people.
it's a burden for households.
it's a heavy burden on households.
social comparison from the view of school motivation
there are no significant changes regarding the downward comparison scale in the memory task among low-scorers, by the impact of the recognition of the group data.
on the basis of these results we can say, that if the follower motivational style characterizes someone then it is more likely that they would rather apply upward comparison and he or she will avoid the strategy of downward comparison.
i explain the results of this study along the basic theories of school motivation and social comparison, and i also take into account the results of some former researchers.
there is an attic in my house which serves as a storage room.
as a boy, i don't like being in the attic because it's gloomy, there are lots of spiderwebs, and what's worse is that i could come across rats.
when i reluctantly arrived in the dark attic, i started to search for the book at once, hoping that ghosts would not emerge.
unable to get the book easily, my frustration was mounting little by little as time passed.
it was then that an old box which was unfamiliar to me entered my vision.
i took it out of the box and put it into my pocket for now.
soon after, the book i was looking for came out too.
after rushing back to my room, i tried to find out what on earth the paper was, forgetting my original purpose.
he is good at operating computer software like word, excel and power point.
he tries to works efficiently and i think that's one of his advantages.
but i have my doubts about that.
he tries to have someone else or some other department do the work he does now.
someone else has to work instead of him.
but i sometimes have my doubts about that.
one day i yawned very wide and my jaw completely got dislocated.
i rode my motor scooter to the hospital, which was open on sunday, with my mouth wide open.
at the time, i was living alone in an apartment away from my home and it was sunday.
one day i yawned too widely and my jaw completely dislocated.
the drivers going in the other direction stared at my face in astonishment. i was very embarrassed.
in heaven there is no beer!
today, i just finished reading "black house," co-authored by stephen king and peter straub.
it is a sequel to "the talisman," which was also co-authored by them.
in "the talisman," jack sawyer, a 12-year-old protagonist, saves his cancer-stricken mother by acquiring a "talisman" that sends him exploring a parallel world called "the territories."
several years pass when a serial killer dubbed the fisherman appears in a little town in wisconsin.
"the talisman" was a dark fantasy, but this is the darkest fantasy i have ever read, filled with a lot of brutal descriptions.
their exploration from the entrance into the innards of this vast world is narrated in a terse style that differs from stephen king's usual style, evoking a darker version of "alice in wonderland."
there are a few engaging sidekicks. i especially like the members of thunder five, a group of bikers who love harley-davidsons and who are intelligent as well as incredibly tough.
one of the thunder five members, mouse, is bitten by a dog like the baskervilles, and is poisoned. he mutters something interesting in his delirium:
"in heaven there is no beer.
"that's why we drink it here and when we're gone from here, our friends will be drinking all the beer!"
i guessed these are lyrics from a song. i googled it and found this:
best of all, the price is much cheaper than what's on a popular online shopping site.
is it grammatically correct?
you can learn about korean tea culture and taste green tea with a tea expert, all while admiring the view of the tea plantation and mt.
in the open forest, you can walk on the trail with falling leaves.
here, you can experience the natural ecology of jeju.
i returned to tokyo station and ate an ice cream.
short excerpts from the teachings going on in sarnath.
"the enemy can harm you only in this lifetime, but negative afflictions have been harming us for countless aeons and are the cause of our birth in the lower realms that are inflicting inescapable suffering on us."
" as long as we are not diligent and are not consistent in the battle against our negative emotions, we will never be able to eliminate them easily."
i don't want you to be a war photojournalist.
second, if you died in a war zone, your parents, your friend and so on would be sad.
in conclusion, i want you to be another other profession.
what's the difference between "from then on" and "since then"?
are they the same?
i haven't eaten chicken after that incident.
i want to go to taiwan someday.
my friends have visited there but i haven't yet.
there is a lot of delicious food and many culturally significant buildings there.
first of all, i think that the personal connections between people are getting weaker and weaker.
for example, 50 years ago, my grandfather told me that everybody took care of each other and they knew their neighbors.
when the neighbor got sick, he made tomato soup and sent flowers.
i live in small town but, i don't know about my next door neighbors and i have never talked with them since i moved to this place.
as this example demonstrates, i think that the personal connections between people is getting weaker and weaker.
it was just a year ago when i took the civil service examination.
it's quite a role reversal for me.
on the other hand, i am certain that people's lives are getting more convenient each year thanks to online shopping.
for instance, 50years ago, the bookstores and shopping malls were located in downtown areas.
therefore, according to my grandparent's, if you wanted to buy new items, such as new clothes or books you had to go into town,
by contrast, nowadays, you can use online shopping services such as amazon.
this is very convenient for everybody because we can buy new items online.
we don't have to go out at all. another great thing about online shopping is that you can specify a delivery time by yourself.
as a result, you are able to spend more time at home with your family.
as this example illustrates, i am sure that people's lives are getting more convenient thanks to online shopping.
i get nervous easily in these situations, and my mind goes blank, so i need to do some preparation.
what i'm interested in the most is sumo, because i work at a sumo arena when the tournament takes place in tokyo.
my assignments are showing people to their seats and giving basic information to foreign guests, because all the signs in the venue are written in japanese.
apart from that, i should help with them when they are in trouble, for example someone losing their belongings.
sometimes younger guests don't follow the rules or tourists try getting into the arena with fake tickets.
when i face an unexpected situation, i think my english improves.
i feel fulfilled when the guests say nice things and thank me.
i need to prep since my mind goes blank when i get nervous.
i'm most interested in sumo because i work at the arena when it's going on in tokyo.
i work at the information desk.
i basically show people to their seats and help guests from overseas because the signs at the venue are all in japanese.
apart from that, i usually help them with lost belongings and other things like that.
there are cases when guests don't follow the rules or try to enter the venue with fake tickets.
when i face unexpected situations like that, i think my english improves.
i try to be flexible and attentive.
it's pretty rewarding when guests say nice things or thank me.
moreover, i also think that you are able to get global information through the internet.
for example, 50 years ago only a few people used the internet.
when i asked my grandfather about how he obtained american news when he lived in japan,
he told me that only one downtown bookshop had american newspapers.
unfortunately, most of the information was too not current
nowadays, however, i am able to read american newspapers on the internet while i am living in japan
most american newspapers are free to read.
for this reason, if i want to read some news in japan that is not being sold at the news stand, i am still able to get it.
as this example shows, i also think that you are able to get information about the world through the internet.
i went to kuala lumpur for the first time in two months.
this is the 10th time i have been to kl.
i want to live in kl in the future because the food is good and the commodity prices are low.
my name is naomi and i'm a japanese teacher at preply.
in my lessons, you can learn japanese through talking about some topics, reading articles, and using materials.
when i was a university student, i went to australia for 5 weeks for studying abroad.
that's why i can speak english as you can see.
i was working as a systems engineer until december 2017.
after that i started teaching japanese, so i'm really a beginner japanese teacher, but i'd love to teach you japanese.
i know learning language is not easy, but it's definitely broaden your life.
let's try our best.
how does turkish sound to you?
and turkish sounds nice and pleasant to me.
as others have said, it is an agglutinative language and has a harmony or rhythm to its words.
it seems that turkish singing has also been influenced by other middle eastern languages, including persian, and this makes it again more familiar to my ears.
i'm a fan of the folklore and classical music and singing style of persia and the middle east in general.
i have recently fallen in love with the following song and have listened to it many times:
is speaking english to my kids all the time really a good thing?
it's quite a challenge for me, but anyway i did it.
when i heard this, i didn't fully understand what the bitcoin was.
even now, i don't think i have enough knowledge about it, so recent news about cryptocurrency made me feel more dangerous and scary.
investing bitcoin sounds like a gamble for me.
it might be okay when you have extra money to spend, but it still doesn't look stable and safe.
even the technology is advanced, and crypto-currency becomes more stable, i don't think the day will come when cryptocurrencies will replace cash.
i don't think people will give up the joy of using physical money. at least it is absolutely true for me.
well, i was planning to read some books yesterday 8 pm.
i wasted half an hour.
i started to hate it!
but it's really fun.
then i felt nervous, i opened steam and played civlization 6 for 1.5 hours, but i did nothing there.
finally, the laptop was getting hot, i closed the game.
luckily, i watched a documentary named the world at war, it was amazing!
i don't want to waste any more of my time!
i myself borrowed many copies of his works from a school library.
edogawa ranpo was a japanese mystery writer who wrote mainly between the 1920s and 1950s.
most of his works were for adults as he used an old style of writing with many grotesque descriptions.
however, some of them were written for kids and even now they are popular among elementary school children.
ranpo loved the works of western mastery writers of the time and his pseudonym "edogawa" had been borrowed from edgar allan poe, his most loved author.
most of his works were for adults and had an old style of writing with scads of grotesque descriptions.
ranpo loved the works of western mystery writers of the time and his pseudonym "edogawa" had been borrowed from edgar allan poe, his most loved author.
a lot of people believed the reason was that she had changed her political views on the pro-american forces.
when i did that, i was like, "what the hell i have done!"
i spoiled it! it was too late to regret what i did, so i'm going to write about the movie that i watched last week.
i wrote about it in a previous article, but i just want to write it again as i'm big fan of it.
i did not know her until i watched the movie.
i'm sure the song made her well-known around the world.
the first time i listened to her song, i was resonated.
i think her song is kind of an anthem to those on the fringes of society who feel hopeless in their life.
i also watched her performance on youtube.
the sun rise time is earlier and sunset time is later than in winter.
my neighbor gave me a lot of horsetails last week.
i like spring best.
you would be exposed to the horrors of war.
war photojournalists take photos which capture a single moment in time, but they take a huge risk!
i want you to think about it again.
if you still want to be a war photo journalistthen, i will support you
your friend: "i want to be a war photojournalist in the future."
i have two reasons:
second, if you died in a war zone, your parents, your friends, and so on would be sad.
in conclusion, i want you to pursue another profession.
several hours ago, i joined a voice chat on this website:
i was glad to hear that because i'm japanese and i struggle to improve my grammar, let alone my accent.
i knew what he meant but i just said: "thank you".
although other native speakers told me that he wasn't praising me for it.
how wonderful voice chat is!
i noticed that i received a birthday message from him on facebook yesterday.
he and i used to work the same part-time job at a bar over a decade ago in tokyo.
since we were about the same age, we discussed various things like favorite soccer players, favorite musicians and so on.
we also used to go for drinks after work.
the memories make me feel nostalgic.
thanks to my habit of i writing my english journal everyday, i thought that i could write the message naturally.
i replied to the message in english, promising that we would meet up when he comes to japan next time.
the only thing i saw before me was the devouring fire and my book...
my body moved by itself and i was about to put my arms into the fire as i felt my feet gradually lifting off the ground.
i also felt a tight itch around the back of my neck.
the air around me started filling with furious shouting, rain splatter and rattle.
the world's colors and shapes started fading back away, and so did the weight on my shoulder and my father's furious eyes.
the agony i had been feeling before left my body as horror took its place.
"what did i tell you about staying in your room, oriel?!" he shouted, as he spattered my face with warm saliva.
he kept applying more and more strength into his grip as he pronounced each syllable he pronounced.
suppose your friend says "i want to be a war photo journalist."
i have two reasons.
first, being a war photojournalist is very dangerous work.
you won't live long.
second, i want to spend time with you.
if you go into a war zone, you'll probably have to stay there for a long time.
i'll be lonely.
my eyes and nose have been itchy today. i'm so fed up with it.
anyway, i will be moving house this weekend, so i'll get ready this week.
i'll keep trying hard to get things ready this week.
i'll keep working hard on moving this week.
the 13th of march
the sun is shinning brightly here this morning.
yesterday i finished the general exam to enter public high schools here.
a lot of sutudents are waiting their results
anyway they did their best, and they had studied for it for three years. so they should have fun in the sun.
i hadn't drunk alcohol for a long time, so i was eager to drink and eat with them.
i hadn't drunk alcohol for a long time, so i was looking forward to drink and eat with them.
i am back on lang-8
last time i wrote something in here was about a year ago.
i appreciate that lang-8 s kept my account and didn't cancel it.
i will be back here to write something for someone to correct.
i could not place the order last month due to a delay in approval.
now that i have received approval, could you process it as of march 1st?
we got tickets for the game in hiroshima between the hiroshima toyo carps and the hokkaido nippon ham fighters.
nowadays it's tough to get tickets for any games at the home stadium of the carps in hiroshima because the carps are a very popular team.
"will you open this bottle?"
well, it cannot be opened."
"oh, you turn the lid the other way."
"could you open this bottle for me?"
well, it won't open."
well, it cannot be opened."orwell, i cannot open it."
"oh, you need to turn the lid the other way around."
even if we have nothing, we will love life.
if a criminal read this and answered the question he might answer that "crimes give him true happiness", for instance "killing someone".
a normal decent person find that evil, but not the criminal.
here, i am trying to say, every individual finds true happiness according to their personality.
or you are the one who has already died inside and wish you die soon and ask for nothing.
try to understand their pain and lessen it.
then you will be satisfied with your life.
the topic was about what true happiness is.
in this entry i'm going to answer that question.
if a criminal read this and answered the question, he might answer that committing crimes and killing others give him true happiness.
in contrast, a normal, decent person, unlike the criminal, will find such actions evil.
in other words, every individual finds true happiness according to his personality.
you might ask how someone knows this is true!
to answer this question, just think about the last day of your life, and ask yourself what will you miss after you die?
perhaps you are someone who has already died on the inside and wish that you will die soon and ask for nothing.
if you are one of them, then dedicate your life to others.
it is only when you can no longer tell which way to go that you really should begin your journey.
translation software doesn't translate different values into other languages.
i had a bad day today.
it was snowing this morning.
however, i wanted to go to the "clinic for crying babies," so i went our with my baby.
actually, it's troublesome for me to get there.
that's because when we go to the clinic, we should take three buses.
however, my baby usually cries so hard, so i need to get some advice and a counterplan from a specialist.
i don't want to get stressed anymore.
everything had been going well until we took the second bus.
however, i couldn't find the third bus stop because of a lot of constructions on the road.
i had no choice but to walk to the nearest subway station and take the subway until the nearest station to the clinic.
this station didn't have any elevators!
to make matters worse, just elderly people were there so i couldn't get any help from them.
i was pushing the stroller, so i couldn't go outside from platform.
finally, i stayed on the same platform and took the subway heading for the same direction until the station that had an elevator and took the subway heading for different direction to get home.
that clinic opens only every monday, so we can go there in one week.
i decided to use the uber next time.
i object to you being a war photojournalist.
if you go to a battle field to take pictures, you may be taking a risk.
recently a japanese photojournalist got caught in a war.
if you think your life has top priority you shouldn't be a war photo journalist.
your friend: "i want to be a war photo journalist in the future." if your friend said, "i want to be a war photographer," what would you say?
but it is very dangerous.
the ideal husband, the best marriage
the reason why fewer single women are getting married is because they have high expectations for their partners such as that he is good looking, stalwart, smart, comes from a genteel family, and has a large salary.
there is no such thing as a perfect human.
also, women who wish to be dependent on their future marriage partners in every aspect, will divorce easily.
wife: "please always make me happy.
i want a big house, luxury car, two golden retrievers, and i want to have 2 girls and 1 boy.
i want to live a perfect life."
husband: "you will find a good partner, but not in me.
good bye".
there's something which kind of annoys me when i am watching variety shows.
it's about the narration.
several years ago, i heard the narrator debasing the reporters or the show hosts to make the show funnier and more popular.
at first it was ok because it sounded new, but then many shows started doing the same thing by adding unpleasant comments about the reporters or their show hosts like routine.
so it started gettng annoying along with the feeling that i'm getting old.
i like the contents so i think it's a shame.
they think it's funny, but do you think these kinds of jokes are funny?
do you have something similar?
several years ago, i heard the narratorsaying something debasing about the reporters or the show hosts on a popular show just to make it funnier.
at first, it was ok, because it sounded new, but then many shows started doing that routinely - adding unpleasant extra words about the reporters or their show hosts.
so it started being annoying at the same time i began to feel i was getting old.
do you have this kind of thing?
there's a thing which kind of annoys me when i'm watching variety shows.
several years ago, in a popular show, i heard the narrator saying things which belittled the reporters and the show's hosts just to make it  funnier.
at first, it was ok, because it sounded new, but then many shows started doing that and added unpleasant extra words about the reporters or the show's hosts.
so it started to become annoying whilst at the same time making me feel like i was getting old.
they think it's funny, but do you think these kind of jokes are funny?
your friend: "i want to be a war photojounalist in the future."
being a doctor is safer than being a photojournalist.
being a war photojournalist is very dangerous.
however, it is very difficult to become a doctor.
i hope that you will find a good job and achieve a happy life.
i encourage you to become a war photojournalist because it is a good job.
it is necessary to find a job that suits you.
you are a happy girl and i hope you will succeed as a war photojournalist.
because of that, i feel like having meals is like a "duty" and, most importantly, i look unhealthy.
to improve that, i'm going to massage my belly every day and try not to have cold drinks since i heard my stomach is very stiff.
i hope it will work!
my first preference is about vegetarian food.
my first preference is the adoption of a vegetarian diet.
in addition to that i like to suggest the adoption of our family structure and the respect we have for each other.
my examples and reasons given below will explain my point of view.
to begin with, people from other countries should adopt the food traditions of my country.
so there is much less chance of obesity and heart disease.
as we all know most people are obese, who prefer to eat non vegetarian food which is not good for health.
most of the people in the world die because of obesity.
being vegetarian, is helpful for a person to have good health and maintain their body.
it not only limited to family but also in society in general.
due to their respect for each other, the bond between the two people is stronger and helps them to build a good relationship.
they try to observe their parents behavior and to imitate them.
if parents behave respectfully with every one and respect other people's point of view this will be helpful for children.
this custom builds a good society.
in addition to this, the extended family is another custom that should be adopted by other countries.
in my country, many people stay in an extended family.
they celebrate festivals and any other functions together.
children are very happy while talking with their grandparents.
before sleeping they listen to different spiritual stories from their grandmother, which helps them in the future and gives them a good attitude towards life.
the examinees must take the national center test for admission into university, which is held in january among all japanese examinees, and the peculiar tests to the each university later in february or march.
the japanese government intended to add another english test to the national center test in 2020, that being toeic, toefl, english proficiency test or ielts.
who can compare a 6.0 in the ielts with a 750 in the toeic?
i wonder why the other teachers or executives had never noticed such a blatant problem.
tokyo university has the biggest authority in japan, so i believe that the other universities will follow it.
what will happen as a result of this trial?
this woman said, "i didn't give it to anyone imprudently.
a true heart was sufficient."
i paid my electricity bill late.
maybe it will be taxed more later.
i'm going to my english class today.
i want to improve my english.
it's really tough to find them.
more topics allow for more dialogue.
last week, my foreign friend and i left and stood in the hallway.
other people went to the toilet.
so i had to say something.
but it was not easy to find topics to talk about.
how can i improve my english?
if only i had a native friend close, then i would have more chances to speak english.
"our foods have passed very strict radioactivity inspections."
this was what one of the staff members told me.
this store has many branches in japan, and many people use them.
if someone said the same thing on tv, it would backfire.
avoiding food from the area is supposed to be bad thing in public.
if i said, "i'm enjoying tasty seaweed from the area!" people would approve, at least on the surface.
"our foods have passed a very strict radioactivity inspection."
this was what a the staff member told me.
i always feel like a little weird, because...
if someone sais the same thing on tv, it would backfire.
avoiding food from the area is supposed to be bad for the public.
this was something a staff member told me.
this store has many branches around japan, and many people shop there.
i was in an organic store.
that's what a staff member told me.
i just inquired as to my toeic score, my score was lower than i expected.
i think i need more variety in my practice after discovering this.
i am going to put in eye drops, but i do not think that doing so will reduce the itch.
i don't know what to do.
i don't like this season.
my husband tells me his chest has been hurting.
he always has pain somewhere his body, so i didn't worry much about it
no matter how much it hurts, i cannot do anything.
that's because i can't feel his pain.
i always recommend that he go see a doctor, but he almost never does.
in the past when he experienced pain like this, he would just endure it until it disappeared instead of going to see the doctor.
it is painful for me to see him like this.
he always feels pain somewhere on his body, so i didn't worry about it much.
my husband tells me that he has had a pain in his chest.
he always has a pain somewhere in his body, so i wasn't worried much about it.
i feel unmotivated to work every monday morning because i alway have so many tasks to do asap and i wish the weekend could continue forever...
this evening, my former teammate came to singapore to greet some staff of my company.
he lived in singapore 4years ago, and went back to japan and will move to thailand next month.
before moving there, he planned to go around south east asian countries he had worked with previously.
i've been focused on mostly reading for five or more years, and my effort paid off with me only able to understand plain english.
he'll be retiring.
he is not very old, but he began to work when he was very young, so now he can retire.
on one hand, i'm a little bit sad, but on the other, i'm happy for him, because he'll spend time with his family and friends, and he'll be able to practise his hobbies.
liam shrugged and began to destroy the chains around her wrists.
he couldn't tell her his reasons because if she found out he was sure that she wouldn't hesitate to kill him, even if by doing so she lost her chance to be free.
so, he changed the subject.
"there are about ten guards guarding each floor, however, once the alarms go on they will all come for you.
if you can't fight against them then hide in the forest until you have the chance to escape.
once you leave the facility touch the center of the crystal three times" he said pointing toward the other necklace that he gave her, " it'll guide you to crystalia.
not one of the higher-ups is here but i don't know how long it'll take for news of your escape to reach them."
keira had to admit it.
it was the perfect opportunity to leave that place.
slowly she stretched her arms trying to move and took a few wary steps toward the door.
her back cracked in pain just like her ribs but the pain was bearable.
staring at liam again she drank the amarantium he gave her before kissing him softly and rushing out the door.
"there are about ten guards guarding each floor, however, once the alarms go off they will all come for you.
once you leave the facility touch the center of the crystal three times", he said, pointing toward the other necklace that he gave her, "it'll guide you to crystalia."
it sloped down into the valley, and every here and there, shadows of trees and bushes darkened the ground.
i have three children, one is a son, the others are daughters.
they play basketball.
i have three children: a son and two daughters.
sometimes, i do assignments with my friends because sometimes studying in a group is more useful than studying alone.
for example, when i was studying economics at university, my friends and i used to make a study group to help each other.
at first, we split our assignments and materials, like textbooks and case books, to each individual, and we read it all at home.
in a study group meeting, we explained what we learned by studying by ourselves to others, and if someone asked questions we tried to answer them.
if it was hard for me to explain something to others, it meant that i could easily identify what i didn't understand.
in this way, i found out easily what i had to focus on by studying in a group.
first, we divided up our assignments and materials, like textbooks and case books, to each individual, and we read those materials at home.
when we met, we explained to each other what we learned by studying by ourselves, then answered each other's questions.
if it was hard for me to explain something to others, that was a clue that i did not fully understand it myself.
in this way, studying in a group let me know what i had to focus on.
short conclusion, any grammar mistakes?
though wendy alexander anchors her argument in an universal context, her political affiliation is clearly reflected in her argument.
this is demonstrated by the fact that she appeals to scotland in a scottish nationalist newspaper.
the rhetoric of the argument is quite interesting, as the author starts by mentioning her own children in order to appeal to scottish people feeling of nationhood and to make them consider the importance of the union, in order to solve the universal stakes.
her argument is indirectly aimed at inviting scottish people to vote for the scottish labour party in the third scottish parliament election of may.
wendy alexander's argument relies on the promise that the labour party would make scotland rise among other countries and solve what the author identifies as universal stakes, namely globalization, poverty and climate change.
in conclusion to her article, wendy alexander specifies that scottish independence would be a waste of time and energy, and that the union is necessary to help scotland rise among other nations and bloom economically.
a few months later, on the third of may 2007, a major change took place in scottish politically history, for the first time since 1995, the labour party did not come first in scotland.
this change reflects a change in scottish mindsets...
the rhetoric of the argument is quite interesting, as the author starts by mentioning her own children in order to appeal to scottish peoples feeling of nationhood, in order to make them consider the importance of the union, in order to solve the universal problems
her argument is indirectly aimed at inviting scottish people to vote for the scottish labour party to the third scottish parliament election in may.
wendy alexander's argument relies on the premise that the labour party would make scotland rise among other countries, in order to solve what the author identifies as universal problems, namely globalisation, poverty and climate change.
the argument's rhetoric is quite interesting, as the author begins by mentioning her own children in order to appeal to scottish people's feeling of nationhood, to make them consider the importance of the union,and to solve the universal stakes.
her argument indirectly aims to invite scottish people to vote for the scottish labour party in the third scottish parliament election of may.
wendy alexander's argument relies on the premise that the labour party would cause scotland to rise in rank internationally, solving what the author identifies as universal stakes, namely globalisation, poverty and climate change.
as a conclusion to her article, wendy alexander specifies that scottish independence would be a waste of time and energy, and that the union is necessary to help scotland rise among other nations and boom economically speaking.
this sentence is perfect! no correction needed!just a note to say that - in a universal context, is definitely correct
this sentence is perfect! no correction needed!she appeals to scottishness - again this is correct."that she appeals to scotland" is incorrect because she is appealing to the attribute of being scottish and not to scotland as a country.
the rhetoric of the argument is quite interesting, as the author starts by mentioning her own children in order to appeal to the scottish people's feeling of unity within the united kingdom, in an attempt to make them reconsider the importance of the union. scotland within the united kingdom is in a much stronger position to tackle universal issues, such as global warming and globalization
her argument is indirectly aimed at pursuading the scottish people to vote for the scottish labour party in the third scottish parliament election in may
wendy alexander's argument relies on the promise that the labour party would enable scotland to rise and unite alongside other countries, in order to solve what the author identifies as universal stakes, namely globalisation, poverty and climate change.
in concluding her article, wendy alexander states that scottish independence would be a waste of time and energy, and that the union is necessary to help scotland prosper economically, alongside the other three nations.
a few months later, on the third of may 2007, a major change took place in scottish political history. for the first time since 1995, the labour party did not come first in the scottish elections.
this reflected a major change in scottish mindsets...
in traditional norenwake the owner of the shop helps their long-working and reliable employees to be independent and gives them a noren with the same shop name.
i looked norenwake up online and found out that there was no contractual relationship between the boss and their employees unlike a franchise.
i found it quite funny that the very old japanese business custom, norenwake, which looks similar to a franchise but is totally different, came to mind when i saw the photo of the westerner who had worked for the other western man.
the following link shows a town called katsuyama in okayama prefecture, which displays many noren to attract tourists.
the russian presidential election campaign
here i will try to explain in a very simple way what the russian presidential election campaign looks like this year.
five of putin's sock puppets do their best pretending to be his political opponents.
one pretends to be a communist.
another pretends to be a liberal and so on.
each program lasts for fifty minutes and each of the opponents has about seven minutes divided into three parts to explain who he is and why people should vote for him.
usually their speech consists of stupid slogans mixed with random political bullshit and looks like this: "vote for me because i am better then the rest.
he don't need to take part in this farce.
the russian presidential election campaign
here i will try to explain, in a very simple way, what the russian presidential election campaign looks like this year.
five of putin's sock puppets do their best to pretend to be his political opponents.
once a week all of these "opponents" get together for "debates" on russian national television.
each program lasts for fifty minutes, and each of his opponents has about seven minutes to explain who they are, and why people should vote for them.
usually their speeches consist of stupid slogans mixed with random political bullshit and looks like this: "vote for me because i am better then the rest."
what else can you explain to people in seven minutes?
he doesn't need this.
the janitor keeps on talking rubbish.
the laborer bored a hole in the wall so he could look at the neighbor.
we felt it as if the baby done a piercing cry.
i love typical food, specially gazpacho, salmorejo and paella.
and i like a lot cinema too, of course, and going out with friends.
here we are used to staying out, usually, really late, cause seville has very good weather, mostly sunny, with warm winters and very hot summers.
the old photos that i took between 2010 - 2015 in my hometown, kamakura and narita, japan.
i've been crazy about japanese temples and nature since i got a new camera.
especially now, i still like the pathway to the shrine and temple.
we rode a tandem motorcycle.
i freed him.
i will bury you.
i inhale sand and smoke in a ruined land.
this wine is heady for me.
fevered dogs might bite.
we got on the tandem motorcycle.
i can eat star fragments.
i bury you.
i inhale sand smokes in a ruined land.
i heard a muffled voice from opposite the door.
who has saved up money - gives it to grandsons
but my savings are the count of my sounds
is this correct and did i save the rhyme?
it's because i saw my teachers were served tea and my favorite sweets when they visited my home.
unfortunately, i realized i didn't have a talent for drawing and gave it up.
after that, i got interested in japanese language teaching during my high school days.
however, because my hometown was too small, i never met any japanese language teachers.
i put my dream away and did other work because i didn't have that much passion.
now i'm thinking about trying it again.
i love it!
it's so beautiful and heartwarming.
the land of the dead in this film and the people that are described there are even more lively than i expected.
i enjoyed both their music and appearance.
- i got up so late that it was time to have lunch.
after my washing was complete, i immediately made lunch.
- i spent an afternoon to calculate how much money i will have after one year.
about 100,000 yuan.
i told my girlfriend the result.
one of the reasons for this, of course, is that i worked until late in the evening, but the major reason is that i was unsuccessful at my job.
ajax won yesterday's game, and psv lost to willem ii!
after this game, ajax closed the gap with psv!
i won't give up yet!
as a young italian teacher,i was posted to the ajaccio high school.
but now it was different!of course, but now it was different!
back then, i was among friends and was part of the group.!
some familiarities, out of school, did me harm.sometimes, being too familiar outside of school did me harm.
as i left the school i used to chat with my students.adverb repetition. we know the chat was familiar from the previous sentences.
it was the last thing i should have done.
i didn't realize it at the time, but i learned it to my cost.
once back at my school desk, i had lost the respect necessary to assert myself.
i had to mend my ways.or, "because i had made a faux pas, i had to mend my ways."
so i resorted to punishments, but that only made matters worse!
my students couldn't believe that, after so much familiarity, i had become so hard on them. or, "how could my pupils understand why, after being so familiar with them, i had become so hard on them?
it took me the entire school year to regain, in one way or another, the authority necessary for the normal running of my lessons.
the punished students were angry with me and set their parents against me: one evening a mother came and insulted me at the restaurant where i was having my dinner!
i could not go out to town in the evening to go to the movies without being booed by someone yelling from one window or another.
i had to explain myself. fortunately, they gave up on their frightening plans.
however the school year ended happily with a very good inspection, which allowed me to ask for a transfer.
in october1950 i set off on new bases!
i cheated because i needed to make.
anyone comes at you with any threat at all, you come to me.
today i learned the plan of this semester.
on april first we should hand in the first version of our graduation paper, then we will correct it three times.
in may we shall write the final version.
i don't know when to do this.
i am afraid that i might not have the chance to do it, because my internship starts in june.
i planned to take a two-day trip to celebrate my graduation.
i once asked a friend, "if you have a child, what is the most important trait you think your child must have?" he said, "vision."
his answer was different from mine. i think it is to teach my child to act decently wherever he or she is.
raising a child is really an art.
i wouldn't want my child to hate me nor would i want to impose on him.or: i wouldn't want my child to hate nor would i want to be a bad influence on him.
the greatest showman
last week, i watched the movie the greatest showman!
it was the best movie i've ever seen.
it was very moving and i cried many times.
i want to watch it again!
my friend's dad is a role model to me.
i will let him be accessed to different kinds of animation, and let him choose by himself.
i am afraid that my kid won't like me.
i will give him access to different kinds of animation, and let him choose by himself.
sentences
how do you eat lemon?
slice it first and soak the slices in drinking water or other beverages
don't tell me you eat it neat
i always eat lemons with water and honey.
lemons are ate with procession, not like other fruits, which we grab and eat.
lemon has its own personality..
my need for lemonade in summer time is massive.
usually there are two bottles of lemonade in refrigerator, i make new lemonade if one bottle is finished.
the first time is difficult
i started a translation job three days ago.
that was more difficult than i thought, but it was also interesting to learn new things.
today seems to be the sunniest day of summer.
obviously, he is hungrier than any of us.
may i help you to take care of one of these bags?
metal gear
do you remember the best stealth game in the world?
player is controlling the snake and you should be silent moving forward to the mission objects.
i lived in a shared apartment in shenzhen with two flatmates, one young guy who likes cooking but doesn't know how to cook and an easy going girl who used to study in britain and travel around europe.
i moved into the flat on may 20th.
things turned out not to be that bad.
i invited him to eat together and he was very happy.
then, i shared with him my experiences and funny stories.
he had a passion for food so i didn't stay mad.
you know my room is very small and without sunshine, but later i found that you are a great person.
die in the comfort zone or die preparing in the comfort zone
i've had a very normal day these days.
one thing that should be mentioned is that koji asked me to do a task with a bad attitude.
suddenly, i realized that i am still the old me who has a high sense of pride and fragile heart.
i can't understand why people say bad words or speak to me with an arrogant attitude.
i have been trying to get used to it by changing my way of thinking, however it turns out i didn't change too much.
due to that i have been working with excel spreadsheets without talking with people.
i kind of like this situation so i don't want to change it, somehow i am lost in studying cpa.
i never should stay in a comfortable zone and not change.
i have to work harder and remember why i started my cpa learning!
i know it is very hard for me but if i quit now i would be very regretful in the future!
you will talk about country music tonight.
then the host introduces you to the audience.
we invite miss sun to our programme
i had a chinese lesson tonight for the first time since last month.
but as the lesson proceeded, i started to remember chinese words and grammar.
prices in tokyo are high.
and it's interesting that i needed to fill out a form first.
in the form, there were many questions, for example: what kind of hairdo do you want, how do you dry your hair.
after cutting my hair, the hairdresser gave me a massage.
i really like to hang out with my friends and talk with them, however sometimes i want to be alone and i want to have time for myself.
is that called "solitude" or "loneliness"?
do those words sound negative in english?
i really like hanging out with my friends and talking with them, however sometimes i want to be alone and have time for myself.
i interviewed for a job today.
i was nervous because it's been a long time since my last interview.
i considered what the best food is for me.
the first food that comes to mind is grilled eels, but i don't like it.
i don't know why i don't like it.
maybe it looks unappetising.
i wrote that i resigned from my job and will start my next job in april.
i have to work for only four more days at my current company.
also, i'm moving near my new company next week.
it takes about a hour to get from my current home to my current office on train.
however, it takes about five minutes to get to my new office.
it is a little hard to prepare for moving out, but i believe we will be happier living in our new home.
also, i'm going out near my new company next week.
it takes about an hour from my current home to the current office by train.
however, it takes about five minutes to get to the new office.
thank you very much for reading this!
as i was very tired, i decided to be absent from the welfare facility tomorrow.
i have to finish up my window-shopping by the time i go to the hospital tomorrow.
however, i have learned some ways to just sit back and relax at the welfare facility.
the continuative to lead dependent clause 1 & 2
these are the second english sentences.
i wonder what japanese food foreigners like.
it is important for me to practice dancing every day.
this is the second set of english sentences that i wrote.
i got excited remembering my childhood because i watched this video today too.
i wonder what japanese foods foreigners like.
when i studied in school, i had a lot of classmates from other nationalities.
either a. the ethnic nationalities of the north give off a slightly dangerous feeling. or b. the northern part of the country has a bit of a dangerous feeling.
i worked until 10 pm today.
i ran every morning when i was a junior high school student.
what make me so?
so, i decided to challenge myself to do one thing each day this week.
it would be a burden on me.
this week, i have challenged myself to write an essay everyday on lang-8.
it has been so inconvenient these two months after i changed over to a new smartphone.
i used the cellphone as an alarm clock every morning.
so i decided to once again use my old galapagos type cellphone as an alarm clock.
i connected it to the battery charger and turned my on my cellphone, in order to charge it.
its screen changed and it began to charge normally.
then i set the date and time and was relieved.
i hope it works properly.
on the one hand, it's not gonna be that hard: i've already done it once.
on the other hand, now this time i'm nervous and i don't know why.
the weather is awful too: i used to like the grayish sky, but now it surprisingly suffocates me.
i have a terrible headache too.
i'm not good enough at expressing my emotions.
it is much easier for me to express my deeper thoughts and feelings with a pen.
i would like to master my second language. i suppose that everyone has the same thought.
it's just because i have another thing that i have to study for.
i mean writing to publish, or to share with other people.
if you try to do it, you will understand that your unconscious mind, in a delicate way, will omit those things that you don't like others to know about.
the interesting point is that even your unconscious mind will add things that were not in your former life, but they can have a positive influence on readers in an artistic way.
i don't have any white shirts in my closet because your discolored my last one.
they've been calling you out since day one, so keep your excuses to yourself.
they wrote a whole page on that subject and, if you don't believe me, you can go online and check it out yourself.
she is a very smart girl.
i think that i will have to study hard..
last year, she got engaged with a young businessman, mr.
however, his mother's money scandal broke last december.
the media tell us his father committed suicide ten years ago.
as a result, princess mako's mother, kiko, try to end this engagement.
it seemed that the pollen caused the allergic reaction in my throat and i coughed so hard, especially when i was at work.
fortunately, i have not had an allergy problem so far this year.
i usually wear a mask to cover my nose and mouth to prevent breathing pollen in the air unnecessarily, so i think that i should still keep wearing them until the pollen season will be over just in case.
every day we take in a lot of information via the internet.
while most of us may not be familiar with those different types of information, they are actually connected to our life in ways we never knew.
this is one of my current favorites on netflix.
you couldn't have known what to do with your gigantic ego or zero self-esteem.
the gist of this show is to look back on an "embarrassing period of yourself" together with the audience and laugh at who you were back then.
they bravely stand up on the stage in front of an audience and read their diary out loud, and they are even bold enough elicit laughter.
the gist of this show is to look back on this "embarrassing period of yourself" together with an audience and laugh off your old self.
everybody must have felt pretty awkward during puberty.
the gist of this show is to look back on your old "embarrassing period" together with the audience and laugh at your old self.
it's one of my current favorites on netflix.
i don't know how to describe this show.
everybody's gone through the awkwardness of puberty.
you wouldn't have known what to do with your gigantic ego or total lack of self-esteem.
i am amazed by these "ordinary americans."
the pictures in the middle and on the right show a boy training there.
i went for a walk to the nearby elementary school to jog after several months i visited.
hmm, that is hard to believe.
the other day he told me
"there's the mandarin app that creates competition of english words competence in school units.
now, my school is third in the prefecture, so my friends are doing their best to be no1."
of course, i will join with his school.
i'm no1 in his school, right now.
the mandarin orange app is a smartphone's app that is used to learn english words.
"there's the mandarin orange app to learn english vocabulary.
now, my school is ranked third in the prefecture, so my friends are doing our best to be number 1."
he doesn't have a smartphone so he seems to be jealous.
i soon registered as a user.
of course, i joined under his school's name.
i'm number 1 in his school right now.
nothing that happened today to share but some thoughts.
i want to improve my english ability for reading documents, papers, communicating, and maybe more.
language learning usually contains four methods: hearing, talking, reading, and writing.
i review vocabulary every day.
watching tv shows is also something i do to learn..
writing a new entry every day is my goal.
pronunciation is my shortcoming, which i need to practice.
i can read and write with google's help.
once talking comes up, i just go blank.
there is a problem i have in which i must translate sentences into chinese before understanding.
a very simple factor accounts for these sudden stops: whatever their brand, smartphones are not designed for optimal use in negative or very high temperatures.
outside that range, they are not guaranteed to function well and a black screen can appear all of a sudden on your phone.
for instance, you can put it in an inner pocket where it will be in contact with the human body rather than in a purse, which does not offer much protection.
a very simple factor accounts for these sudden stops: whatever their brand, smartphones are not designed to function optimally in negative or very high temperatures.
the phone rang in harry's flat on the fourth day after martha's funeral.
harry felt nervous and hanged up the phone.
martha was visited only by the doctor.
maybe it was the cleaning woman?
harry was standing, looking surprised in the police commisioner's room at the police station.
omg - he thought - this is the end.
the lawyer ordered the necrotomy of martha's letter.
the purpose of this report is to evaluate a new mobile device called bmb, one of a new generation of mobile devices.
according to a recent survey, this report will summarize the pros and cons of the new products and will conclude with recommendations for improvements.
by and large, the market price of the bmb devices seems to be a little higher than that of their competitors, so more advanced features and higher quality are expected by the average user.
there are several competitors that have really good products in the market beyond the bmb mobile.
another weak point is the screen, as a better definition of colors is expected.
the screen provider, nt tech, is launching a new version of the screen so it is likely that bmb will incorporate the latest features shortly.
it is even said by the survey that the battery life, wap service and voice recorder are considered satisfactory, as a product of this range of prices could not fail in such critical areas.
these kinds of products are deeply examined by tech gurus in specialized magazines and internet forums, and this factor will be determinant when you are getting information on the internet in order to purchase a mobile.
the digital camera and text messages seem to be the top features of bmb.
in order to become more competitive and attractive to the public, bmb should focus on providing better components with their bmb product, changing their screen and lengthening the life expectancy of the battery in order to maintain their sales price.
i would strongly expect them to appear in well-known magazines and tech blogs when the new version of the device comes to stores.
finally, i think if the price is fair, bear in mind the competency of all the new products and take action according to that.
we were sitting in a cafe after the movie.
that was very interesting for me, and i asked the teacher lots of questions.
i didn't have days off for a whole month.
i was shooting 4 projects but all projects were car commercials by chance.
so, i had a lot of things to do but they were all similar.
recently, my eye spasms do not stop.
it doesn't seem to be difficult to study as it's not that different from the programming languages i already know in terms of syntax.
since it is said that python tends to be used when creating ai for stuff like machine learning, this new knowledge would be going to be useful.
what's the difference between "these" and "those"?
how does it feel like for a foreigner living in a small town in japan 1
one of my friends is a french guy, who has been lived in my town for 7 years.
we met while volunteering after the 2011 tsunami.
he had been working at npo, which makes playground equipment in the devastated area.
it has been 7 years since we had the tsunami and the tohoku district has recovered gradually.
his income from npo had shrunk and he needed another job for living.
i offered him work at my father's company last year.
he was willing and accepted the offer.
he can communicate with his colleagues even though he's not good at speaking japanese.
the government imposes a tax and a pension fee on anyone who works in japan.
he has to pay a lot of money to the government.
foreigners have to pay a pension fee, but they are not eligible for any pension themselves after their retirement.
according to the law, a pension is paid to only to japanese citizens.
the government seems to welcome foreign tourists, but refuses to support foreigners who want to live in japan permanently.
i was surprised at my bank balance.
i am spending so much money on food because i started a new diet.
i'll have to give my food spending a second thought.
one of my goals for this year is saving money.
i was born on the outskirts of kyoto, growing up with the smell of wood, surrounded by wildlife and the time slowly going by.
my future, i hoped, was in as small a happiness as my hometown.
after hearing some stories, i chose a job in the city to leave home and get on my feet.
everything is fresh and exciting for me.
but sometimes i miss my former future.
i bought yarn for my snood a couple of years ago, and then i started knitting it last winter.
i've been knitting on and off, so i haven't finished it yet.
i think i will be able to wear it next winter.
i think i'll be able to wear it next winter.
last night, you saw three objects in the shape of a triangle flying in the sky.
if she had sung using that word, no one would've understood.
on friday, puigdemont said that it would not be a problem if a new election has to be held over the next few months, arguing that if the pro-independence political parties were not able to comply with the mandate of their voters then it was better to give them the word again through a new election.
according to the latest polls, pro-independence parties could get better results than in the previous election.
while polls suggest that they could receive the most votes, internal polls suggest that they could lose an important number of seats in parliament, which would fall to jxcat, enabling that party win an eventual new election with extraordinary results.
on behalf of david, i would like to schedule a review call with you.
i hope that it works for you.
according to numerous jurists and the catalan parliament speaker himself, judge llarena has prevaricated by adopting such a position.
nevertheless, the echr is unlikely to make a decision anytime soon.
i went to get a haircut.
my trouble is that my hair grows very fast.
i want to keep my hair short.
my wish
this summer vacation, i want to go abroad to study..
unfortunately, my score in english was lower than the score which is needed to pass.
i am determined to study hard for english all the time.
now is different from the before.
i will study really, really, really hard from now on and will seek help from lang-8.
i watched this film three years ago, when it was playing in theaters.
not many theaters played this and the cinema complex near my residence didn't either.
so when i had to go to hibiya to renew my passport that was about to expire, i watched it there.
this film is about cheryl strayed, a woman who is drug-stricken, has lost her loved mother to cancer, divorced her husband, and had an abortion, resolves to endeavour a long trail hike.
shery is an actual person and this movie is based on her own memoir titled "wild: from lost to found on the pacific crest trail" which i too read later.
in the book, it takes three or four pages to describe the inventory of the pack and when she finally succeeds in getting her footing.
the visual effects involving abrupt zapping between the trekking, and flashbacks to her past are radically effective.
at the end of this week will be saint patrick's day.
the celebrations of this day remind me of "the wizard of oz".
all the people there wore green clothes.
judge llarena is currently leading the case against pro-independence leaders.
if the european court of human rights rules that he has prevaricated, then the whole case against pro-independence leaders could be suspended, leading to the immediate released of all catalan political prisoners.
he made this decision after two months of long negotiations with the other pro-independence parties in parliament.
on friday, puigdemont said that it would not just be a melodrama if a new election had to be held over the next few months, arguing that if the pro-independence political parties were not able to comply with the mandate of their voters then it would be better to let them speak again through a new election.
cup would double its seats in parliament and would become more decisive in the formation of a new government.
while polls suggest that they could be the most popular party, internal polls suggest that they could lose a significant number of seats in parliament, which would go to jxcat, which would win a new eventual election with extraordinary results.
i was surprised to know that lily missed our meeting yesterday
i had decided to write more this year, but i haven't done what i had expected so far.
i should cherish the good times when i can still use this fantastic website.
writing really helps me a lot, and i have found that my listening has improved as well.
i love this website, i like and cherish the people i meet here!
i give in sometimes so the barbers could play freely.
ah, i really hated the me who said "okay" at the time.
i will eat more "black" foods.
the pharmaceutical industry, pills, inc., became one of the major partners of indiko through an agreement, which now is considered to be pioneering, as it has become the first of its type in 1999.
if yes, do they have the same meaning?
repeat the movement three times.
then how about the sentences below?
i have two reasons.
first, that job is very dangerous and if she was killed by someone in the war,
i would be very sad.
i played a gig last saturday.
it was really good!
my bass guitar has improved a little.
if you become a war photo journalist, you will not live long.
friend: "in the future, i would like to be a war correspondent."
friend: "what do you think?"
if you decide to become a war correspondent, there is a big change you might get shot.
i worry about my friend.
we often exchange messages on the internet.
in our conversation, he said that he had a tough day, so he didn't want to talk about what he experienced today.
we normally don't say "good bye" at the end of a message.
i am going shopping tomorrow.
we are going to play tennis tomorrow if weather be good.
i play the guitar every week.
i go shopping every monday.
i am not good at drinking cold milk because my stomach isn't strong.
i drink hot soy milk with roasted soybean flour and brown sugar syrup.
i have been drinking it with rice porridge.
it warms my body a surprising amount.
i have noticed that i feel good whenever my body is warm nowadays.
i don't know why, but i'm not gaining weight.
i have been continuing to drink corn tea because my friend introduced it to me.
the corn tea has a savory aroma, and is good for my stomach.
in my life, these foods are the most basic items for living.
i am not good at drinking cold milk because i have a weak stomach.
it warms me up quite a bit.
my friend introduced me to corn tea, so i have been drinking that, too.
in russia there was a holiday from thursday onwards.
i spent it with my girlfriend.
there were several rooms where we had to solve a puzzle in an hour, moving from one room to another.
there were a few actors who frightened us.
the quest was called obsession, and it looked like a horror film.
but it was horror!
there was no light, but there were actors in terrible make-up, with horrible sounds around us.
escaping from the daily grind, i was enjoying being on vacation for a day.
i could read a book in the bookstore peacefully and walk alongside the river while feeling the river breeze. i was also able to see my friend that i hadn't seen in a long time at lunchtime.
today was monday, so there were a few people in my village.
so i felt good while i was walking down the street in my village.
the weather was good, the air was crisp and clear, the sky was blue, and the temperature was warm.
i was happy while walking alongside the river.
when i realized the fact that i have to go back to work tomorrow.
a page i read in a book came to mind.
in the book, "praise for laziness", bertrand russell said, "if we can do that--work only 4 hours a day and spend the rest of our time doing arts, service, and travel--our problems will be solved, and people's mental and physical problems, poverty, unemployment, and the issue of productivity will be solved as well.
escaping from the daily grind, i was enjoing vacation for a day.
therefore, i could read a book in the bookstore peacefully and i could walk aside the river while feeling river breeze and i could meet my friend that i did not meet a long time at the lunch time.
today is monday, so they are a few persons in my village today.
i really don't like crowd.
when i realized the fact, i have to go back to work at tomorrow.
it came to my mind what i read on a page in a book.
why we can't do that, work only 4 hours for a day?
escaping from the daily grind, i was enjoying a day off.
i don't really like crowds.
the weather was nice and warm. the air was crisp and clear with blue skies
i suddenly remembered that i had to go back to work tomorrow.
something that i read came to mind.
in his book "praise for laziness", bertrand russell said, "if only we could just work 4 hours a day and spend the rest of our time doing arts, services and travelling. if we did, we could solve mental and physical problems, poverty, unemployment and the issue of productivity".
- today is the first day of my holiday.
i got up at around 10:00.
then i went to the supermarket across from my house i rent for some vegetables.
when i got back, she still had not gotten out of bed yet.
she was playing on her iphone.
after i cooked lunch, she got up to wash her face and brush her teeth.
after that, she wanted to take a nap again, and i went to the toilet on the supermarket.?
we got into a fight tonight.
i hope he passes the exam.
his result will be released on march 20th.
i hope he will pass his exam.
the result will be released on the 20th of march.
my coin purse is too small to put in banknotes without folding them."
so we went buy a wallet at a nearby shopping mall, but we didn't find anything good there.
while we were looking for a wallet on the internet, i recommended her a white one with a cat pattern, but she turned it down and found a more stylish one in navy.
i ordered her favorite one last night.
we are looking forward to it arriving.
personally, i prefer using long wallets more than billfolds.
if you usually shove your wallet in your pocket, a long wallet might stick out of your pocket, so it wouldn't be convenient.
what kind of wallets do you like?
my coin purse is too small to put banknotes in without folding them."
we decided to buy one online after we got back home.
while we were looking for a wallet on the internet, i recommended a white one with a cat pattern to her, but she turned it down and found a more stylish navy-colored one.
a long wallet or a billfold?
last night i ordered the long wallet that she chose.
a long wallet or a billfold?
yesterday, my daughter asked, "could you buy a long wallet for me?
when we were looking online for a wallet, i recommended a white one with a cat pattern to her, but she turned it down for a more stylish navy-colored one.
we're looking forward to getting it.
if you usually shove your wallet in your pocket, though, a long wallet might stick out, so it wouldn't be very convenient.
i ordered the one she liked last night.
i went to a cafe where a dog welcomes the custumers.
when i entered the cafe, an old mature dog came and stopped politely in front of me.
i was impressed by his behavior and told him of my appreciation.
he was well-trained, so he stayed for a while beside my seat.
when i entered the cafe, an old, mature dog came and stopped politely in front of me.
i went to a cafe where a dog welcomes the customers.
when i entered the cafe, an elderly dog came to me and stopped in front of me politely.
she says this sentence must be "i visited it," or "i went there." is that true?
i think "i visited there" sounds natural.
could any native english speaker tell me whether that is true?
do you never say, "i visited there"?
my favorite aroma has to be that of a citrus fruit.
when i want to release stress and concentrate, i spray the perfume on something.
it helps promote your appetite.
a reputable academic institution, richmond school, is going to stop teaching its latin class this september.
this is because they don't have enough money to keep on teaching the dead language any more.
although latin is a dead language, there are a lot of reasons to preserve this language.
unlike other languages, a dead language is not influenced by speakers.
a reputable academic institution, richmond school, is going to discontinue its latin class this september.
this is because they don't have money to keep on teaching a "dead language" anymore.
this is by far bigger news than it seems.
although latin is considered a dead language, there is a lot of merit in efforts to conserve it.
for instance, it is still used in numerous scientific fields due to its static nature.
unlike other languages, latin is not influenced by its speakers.
in the cemetery 1.
harry came from the cemetery.
mrs. hudson kept a letter in her hand and she looked at the car for a long time.
then she started to go to the police station.
when harry arrived home he wanted to make a phone call immediately.
i miss rosie - he thought - but we shouldn't meet each other for a few weeks.
i asked myself what kind of company do i want?
big, good salary or advancement opportunities.
i will go to the company which meets one of those requirements.
today it was a little different than usual.
i met a foreign guy who wanted to see a movie, but he could not find the place so he asked me in chinese, but he forgot how to say movie in chinese.
i asked him in english and told them the cinema was on the fourth floor.
i hope he found the cinema.
translation 21
martha feels badly.
mrs hudson goes to the cementery.
harry is cited at the police station.
i knew that i could get a ticket of keyakizaka46 2nd anniversary live.
translation 22
then he got back and poured himself a glass of drink.
harry is a nice thirty-year-old man.
firstly, harry liked the new and easy life.
he looks after his wife less, and he think about his wife's death.
at this time, harry met rosie, who was a secretary of martha's lawyer.
rosie and harry became a friends.
rosie invented a brilliant plan but will harry have to do it.
martha's testament is the basis for their plan.
i've heard that there have been a lot of job openings recently.
however, job-seekers are fewer than that and i've heard there is competition for talent among corporations.
i wonder if a good economy is like that.
translation 20
what did the family doctor want to do with martha?
why did martha die?
why is her testament important?
how did harry look after his wife?
why was martha isolated from outside world?
what will mrs hudson do if she gets martha's letter?
who is who and what do you know about them?
she had a headache.
she wrote a letter.
she was afraid of something.
dr. jones: doctor.
i still remember when i stayed in dalian.
when my life began in china, i couldn't understand what people were saying.
but after 3 months passed, i started to understand their chinese.
about music
just now my english teacher asked my classmates and i to have a favorite song ready on our phones for when we go to his class tomorrow.
i think a lot and decide on the following song, "i get off on it" by tony joe white.
part of its lyrics is:
i chose this song because, in my mind, it will be a unique one that stands out from those love songs or top ten songs.
the lyrics has something to say, too.
i will write down my class' response to this song and what i think about the lyrics after the lesson.
this morning, i started my day on 6:30 am.
i had class this morning.
i didn't use the elevator because i wanted to exercise a bit.
in morning class, the teacher talked about tattoos.
he didn't like tattoos.
so he said those who had tattoos weren't nice people.
i really didn't like his way of thinking.
he said it with a bad attitude.
the promises that napoleon iii made to cavour were the exact opposite of the letters which the french king was sending to the pope to calm him.
in fact, the french landed in civitavecchia, near rome, and put up a garrison to protect themselves from the papal state.
treaty between italy and french: italy pledged not to occupy rome.
the french declared war on prussia.
at that moment, italy felt free of the deal with the french and decided to occupy the papal state.
the general of the italian army, after useless negotations with the pope, ordered his forces to occupy the papal state.
in september 1870 the riflemen, a formation of the italian army, opened the gap of porta pia and entered rome.
the pope withdrew into the vatican and, after a lot of diplomacy, accepted the new situation.
the present vatican state coincides with that defined after the surrender of the pope.
garibaldi died at the age of 75, pronouncing on his deathbed ' i'm dying with the pain of not seeing trent and trieste freed'.
your friend: "i want to be a war photo journalist in the future."
i'm surprised to hear that.
that is great news and thanks for all your help.
i am able to start working tomorrow.
if you require anything from me prior to starting the job, please let me know.
in the case of breaking the rules:
we all are responsible for safety, peace, hygiene and appropriate conditions for staying in the dormitory.
do not use lang-8 as tinder.
we visited some waste treatment plants and a japanese company which is very famous in china.
i learned a lot and i was so surprised by the younger students from my university and my former university because they were excellent students.
i had given up language learning for almost a year, but since i was stimulated by the young students, i want to continue it now.
it might be much easier to learn a foreign language with a foreign friend, but i am just too shy to make new friends.
i try to be nice to everyone, but it really exhausts me.
on this trip, i also heard something an unpleasant rumor about myself.
i rejected the suggestion of going abroad just to relax proposed by the secretary from our lab because i don't think i should, i had too many things to do.
but it seems that she told my professor that i wanted to go to ireland and told others i wanted to go there, but that wasn't approved by my professor.
i am not the kind of person who would sort this out, but this time it went beyond my limitations.
why would she do such a thing to me?
i just want to be concentrate on my own work, but it seems it won't be easy.
i hope i will find a chance to explain it to my professor, and i won't let her interfere with anything.
if nothing changes, today will be the last day i stay at nova.
last year, april 10th, was the first day i started working here.
i still have several days left before i start my new work at another company.
i am considering going somewhere.
go someplace alone?
is this sentence still used?
and it is useful for everyone to know the truth of the earth we live in.
if your friend said: "i want to be a war photojournalist in the future."
i'll never forgive you!
don't you know how dangerous that would be?
if you go to war, i will cut off our relationship.
when i was young my hero was my father.
my father wasn't famous but for me he was and currently is my hero.
my father is a teacher and always taught me good things.
my father never says anything to me, he just continues to teach and support me.
now i have a store online; i don't earn much but i already have a bit of money to help my family.
i'm taking comfort in the warm weather of spring today because it was very cold this winter.
it seems that it'll be nice weather this week, so i'm spring cleaning the house this week!
finally my ski season is coming.
i enjoyed skiing there for the first time in a long time.
the snow will melt but i will go skiing next week.
as you probably know, trump is strongly hung up about immigration.
this news made us japanese folk amused and we laughed so much.
trump is decended from germany and not very long ago, which means trump himself is also an immigrant.
wasp?, i wonder what their ancestors did, and who they were 2500 years ago, totally different from us japanese people.
i understand, by our family tree, where was written about my ancestors, the names, and what they did, some of them had the power to change world history.
it is unimaginable for westerners.
because who are their ancesters, where were they and what did they do 2500 years ago?
my question is why mongrels and immigrantwesterners, especially white people, assume an air of superiority.
it's nothing but a high-impact story for us straight japanese, plus it's so weird why americans have some foundless confidences in such things including trump.
as a matter of fact, why today's americans intend not to touch upon the massacre of native americans and the atomic bomb dropped hiroshima and nagasaki.
it was carried out all over japan.
even in the tohoku-area, you killed only children just walking a narrow way of rice paddy.
someday the decendants are is to be a different japanese thanks to pm abe's crazy policy.
foreigne tourism increased.
the crimes rate by non-japanese people increased, such as sort or murder.
un and people say japan ought to receive immigrants.
you don't know japan accepts over 1 million chinese and korean people.
although watching the film, japan needs to accept strangers from the middle east and asian people??
it caused my flight to florida to be cancelled and i had to call off my vacation plans.
keira's first impulse was to stretch out her claws and tear his throat, but she managed to control it long enough to think.
if she killed him, someone would find the body soon, and that would mean another punishment for her.
but if he had said the truth, she'd lost her only chance to escape.
becoming exasperated, she quickly assessed all the pros and cons.
finally, she closed her eyes, making her decision.
relieved, liam didn't hesitate to begin moving.
keira listened carefully for liam's slow movements, trying not to growl as his cold fingers grazed the skin of her left ankle.
however, a menacing hiss left her lips when the shackle squeezed lightly on her foot, increasing the burning of her cut.
suspicious she opened her eyes just in time to see a black hexagon spreading out along the entire chain. every few seconds liam touched one of the golden points and made sure that keira's skin wasn't touching the analyzer.
the chain grated slightly seconds before that the analyzer returned to its original form after having turned the metal into a thin glass.
curious, keira watched how bit by bit her leash began to crack and finally exploded in a thin layer of white dust.
but if he had told the truth, she'd lost her only chance to escape.
finally, she closed her eyes and made her decision.
finally, when the chain was completely covered by the analyzer he slid his finger over the other end and waited.
the chain grated slightly seconds before the analyzer returned to its original form after having turned the metal into a thin glass.
curious, keira watched as, bit by bit, her leash began to crack and finally exploded in a thin layer of white dust.
the famous tulip garden there is opening soon, but the admission fee is expensive.
i recommend going to tulip farms that are free.
you can enjoy the tulip's carpet.
i guarantee that it will be your most memorable sight.
i saw a lifetime's worth of tulips while i was living in holland for five years.
i recommend going to tulip farms that are for free.
you can enjoy the carpet of tulips.
what's the situation here?
an interesting idea occurred to me just now.
by doing so, we can practice speaking or writing in english every day and we can also make our friendship bond tighter.
hello again, mario.
i am pretty good, rachel.
what do i mean when i say that something is fragile?
now give me some examples of this word in a sentence, please.
if a man cries, it is the sweat of his heart sprouting from his eyes.
young roses are very fragile.
i loved you both while we were young and will love you when we are old and fragile.
it sounded as if a fragile piece of the engine might have broken.
yesterday, i had a drink with friend at a bar.
i'm not good at drinking.
i'm always afraid of getting drunk.
yesterday,i had some drinks with a friend at a bar.
my friend told me that it helps us to relax.
i was afraid that i might puke, but i finally managed to get over that terrible hangover.
i don't like the term "tough girl," because whenever i hear it, an image of a muscular woman comes to mind.
but such girls are very easy to get along with. i mean, their insides match their outsides, so you don't have to guess what she's really thinking about.
beautiful girls all have high standards when it comes to choosing boyfriends or even friends.
why are they so picky?
on the other hand, liam frowned when he saw keira's wound.
it was deep enough to leave a scar and, because of its lack of blood, he could see the multiple with scarse around her injury.
"finish, already!" she growled with annoyance.
liam rolled his eyes, placed the analyzer on the chain around her other ankle and did the process again.
when he finished, he stood up and took off the two necklaces he was wearing, offering them out to keira.
cautious, the young woman grabbed them and without looking away from liam, opened the tiny bottle that hung from one of the silver chains.
"what do you want for it?" she asked coldly unable to contain her doubts anymore.
"everyone has a price" keira growled hitting the metal wall with her long tail.
it is often believed that asian people really admire westerner's faces.
why does so many asian people admire western people's appearance?
i was talking about this topic with my international friends while we were having lunch yesterday.
one of my friends told me that one of her friends has been living in shanghai for a couple of months and one of her friends has never paid money for drinks since she started living there. the reason for that is her face looks like a barbie doll's which means typical westerner's face.
japanese standards of beauty are always a westerner's face or something similar looking.
why do people not think that oriental eyes are good?
in my opinion, people don't have enough confidence in themselves.
it's also the japanese media building up what the standard of beauty for women.
i have a lot of complects on my face but is there something wrong with that?
and people can't get a completely western face.
i am not saying that people shouldn't wear makeup, but people shouldn't have one definition of beauty in mind.
we should think more about bringing out the best in everyone and have more confidence in ourselves, i understand that it is hard to do so, but if people had more self-confidence or would not worry about what other people think, they'll enjoy their life more
the weather is hot in march.
i work at a studio everyday.
nowadays we are not strangers to job hunting, but everyone has a different opinion about which is the best kind of job.
thus a heated discussion has arisen: when people have the opportunity to get a secure job, should they take it right away or should they wait for a job that would be more satisfying?
i really want to go outside.
i don't have any idea.
should i go outside alone?
better not, i guess.
maybe, i will try all of my possible friends first.
haha~ i guess i might most likely go home and do nothing.
but i really do want to go somewhere.
who i can go outside with?
the sunshine is extremely warm today.
it really makes people want to go outside.
the only problem is, who will i go with?
i have no idea.
should i go some places alone?
maybe i will try asking all of my friends who might want to go with me first.
english has taught me that language and life are not easy.
we are going to go on a trip to singapore at the end of march.
the problem is, who will take care of our dog?
my mother is a dog lover, but she declined to take care of our dog when we asked her to before.
i want to go to my sister's and stay at her house for the weekend.
today, i called my mother to ask her to take care of our dog while we go on the trip.
she might have been looking for a part time job, even though she is still a career woman.
i would support her.
you can make it come true.
it is certainly dangerous, you may be able to think better.
but i also want you to remember that your dream is wonderful.
please believe in yourself
being that there were only 51 graduates, each student gave a short speech on stage.
most of the girls were crying.
he talked about the next school that he will be going to, and expressed his gratitude to his friends and teachers.
he stepped off the podium, then remembered something.
i'm not the song's composer, so i really don't know what she actually wanted to say.
the musical at the theater
on 10th march, i went to the theater which is near the new national stadium.
the theater is very beautiful and since it is a new building and my seat was on the second floor.
the play was a musical and the actors were very attractive and beautiful, i enjoyed it very much.
what kind of theater do you like?
i like musicals similar to the beautiful performance i saw this time.
on march 10, i went to the theater that's close to the new national stadium.
the theater is a very beautiful new building, and my sear was on the second floor.
the play was a musical and the actors were very attractive. i enjoyed it very much.
i like musicals because the one i just saw was so wonderful.
i'd like to read a lot of books, which make me intelligent.
the persistence of gun-related murders despite the country's restrictive laws on possession of firearms has led some to question the efficacy of said laws.
others go so far as to suggest the legalization of the possession of firearms as a solution. since it would supposedly allow citizens to defend themselves against threats and make criminals more insecure about their success.
however, given the examples seen across the globe, which work both in favor and against such a suggestion, it is clear that the issue is not as black-and-white as many imagine it to be.
i then sneaked back to the first step worried about my backpack rocking with each step.
i crouched and started walking down the stairs, without taking my eyes off the shadow.
my heart skipped a beat when i saw it crouching and standing up after a few seconds.
i heard a subtle snapping and popping echo grow louder the closer i got to the entrance.
i followed the footsteps with my eyes, and noticed a dim orange light emanating from the dining room.
i leaned slightly to the left, just enough to peak from far away, and saw a familiar robust man with a bare back facing the fireplace while holding a long fire iron in his right hand.
and then, all of sudden, i saw him stand up, sigh and stretch both of his hands.
my body trembled and that translated into an unsteady step, and a loss in balance.
i fell sideways, and obviously, my backpack did as well, making the loudest noise ever that night.
dude, i tried to download that fucking file four times, and all i got was an error that didn't make any sense.
one of them said that he saw the movie "xxx" ten years ago at the movies.
one of them said he went to see the film "xxx" ten years ago at the movies.
one of them said he went to the movies to see the film "xxx" ten years ago.
the temperature is getting warmer this week.
to what extent of the voting population will evaluate the government performance and vote accordingly?
your neighbor was swimming in his pool with his dog, and because he didn't invite you over, you threw a bunch of eggs at him from your roof.
i don't have any hobbies, because i'm a pretty boring dude, so fuck off.
it's funny for you how some people can't say away from their phones.
the cause is hay fever, so i'm not worried.
there are one and a half months left until the end of hay fever season.
i'll get through it.
how do we understand that this movie is good and another is not good at all?
sometimes the main idea can be voiced by the film's characters.
for example, the main idea of the film, "three billboards outside ebbing", that hatred breeds hatred was voiced by young foolish girlfriend of mildred's ex-husband.
the truth from the mouth of a fool., oh, how ironic!
does this movie seem original or have you already watched many movies of e this kind?
for example, the originality of the movie "dogville" by lars von trier is its' minimum of decoration.
despite the absence of decoration this movie is interesting and very exciting.
a good movie contains a cultural code and makes references to others pieces of art.
it seems multilayered, which makes it a cult film.
you can read film criticism articles, reviews or top lists, but do it after watching the movie, because your opinion shouldn't be preconceived.
for example, the main idea of the film "three billboards outside ebbing" that hatred breeds hatred was voiced by the young foolish girlfriend of mildred's ex-husband.
for example, the originality of the movie "dogville" by lars von trier is in its minimum of decoration.
a good movie contains a cultural code, and makes references to other pieces of art.
you can watch a good movie again and again, and every time you will find something new.
if the film was really good, authoritative sources would write about it.
i found a group on twitcasting, a live streaming service, about half a year ago.
almost all of the people in the group are learning one or more foreign languages,
and i joined them.
there are taiwanese people in the group who are learning japanese, and japanese people, some of whom are learning chinese.
most of the taiwanese people in it have very strong japanese skills.
the japanese that they speak and write is almost correct, and they can understand most of the japanese that they read or hear.
some of the japanese people also have very strong chinese skills.
most of the topics we talk about are silly things.
they are really ordinary people except for their strong foreign language skills.
do i need a pronoun between the 'be' and 'when'?
i thought it might be you when i saw the picture, but i'm surprised it's really you!
i thought it might be you when i saw your picture, but i'm surprised it really was you!
the bar chart illustrates the estimated percentage of car trips for eight different purposes and by male and female drivers in 2005.
overall, both genders took car trips significantly for work purpose.
the least common purpose for female drivers was visiting town while for male drivers was for banking purposes.
the other purposes mentioned in the chart are courses, running errands, visiting friends, recreation and shopping.
moreover, about 11% of women drove to courses compared to less than 10% of men.
for banking, running errands and visiting friends purposes, women were more likely to use cars than men, which accounted for about 9%, 10%, and 8% of females and about 2%, 2%, and 3% of males respectively.
i realized that he was an english teacher k who taught me when i went to an english conversation school almost 10 years ago.
it originally indicated the nature of the business and the longstanding history of the shop.
i realized that he was an english teacher, k, who taught n i to an english conversation school i was going to almost 10 years ago.
the school i went to was close to another station on the same line and, was run by a canadian teacher, j.
the jobs that help people in trouble.
the company who makes the biggest earnings will win the competition.
such people are usually hungry, self-confident, have a clear vision, and strong leadership skills.
they are excited at the idea of getting promotions and high praise.
i can't motivate myself by getting more money or winning the competitions.
when i look back at my life, i think i have always been satisfied with everything.
thanks to my parents who have a strong sense of responsibility, i've never been bothered by money problems.
also, i have a strong sense of equality.
today, i went to the gym and i found a note saying "the shower doesn't work, thus there is no running hot water now.
you can only use cold water!" i couldn't believe my eyes, but i decided to run on the treadmill as usual because i couldn't run yesterday.
i had a cold shower in winter for the first time in a long time.
a cold shower in winter
today, i went to the gym and found a note saying "the shower doesn't work, thus there is no running hot water now.
i thought i was gonna die.
the manager was an old stingey hag, and she always turned off the gas while i was taking a shower in the winter, because she was stingy about the gas bill.
thank you for messaging me.
the republic was proclaimed because the spaniards opposed the support that king alfonso xiii, the great grandfather of the nowadays king felipe vi, gave to the captain general primo de rivera.
his dictatorship ended at the end of the twenties, when he fled into exile because of the little political and military support that he was receiving.
at that time, both the politicians and the military persons with a conservative ideology were afraid that the communists would use the proclamation of the republic as an opportunity to establish in spain a communist regime.
i would like to congratulate you for 8th of march.
in russia, it is called international women's day.
she is broken from her last relationship so she worries about getting rejected again.her is possessive of shehis is possessive of him
i met with him for a beer.
our conversation was great and we felt this great chemistry.
he texted me the next day and asked how i feel.did you mean feel- present tenseor felt-past tense
he asked me out again next sunday. "asked me out"i asked her out. she said yes, so we went out together.he asked me on another date nest sunday.
i agreed on meeting in the evening, but i didn't hear back from him again.she got back to me. i left a message, but no one got back to me.
i got hurt by dating as always.i got hurt by dating once again.once again, i got hurt by a guy i dated.
it turned out that two months ago he lost his phone and he didn't know my last name to find me on facebook.
sometimes she is well, and some other times she feels bad.
i came here to prevent you from making a big mistake.
someone pushed me, and i lost my balance.
a few years ago, i went to the galapagos islands.
since i was a child, i had always dreamed of going there.
i like travel and nature, and my favorite book is "on the origin of species". that's why this trip was so special for me.
i had been saving money for two years, and finally, i could make the trip.
one day, we went snorkeling; the instructor told us that we would swim with sharks.
they were hammerhead sharks, one of the least dangerous of the sharks.
they took us by boat to a place called sleeping lion, where we got into the water.
we swam with several kinds of animals, like sea lions, which were very friendly, and that liked playing with us, stingrays, sea turtles, and, of course hammerhead sharks.
they didn't look agressive, but, just in case, i didn't approach them.
nobody got hurt; i had taken out travel insurance, but, fortunately, it wasn't necessary.
after the snorkeling, we went back to the port, and we saw the sunset, while drinking beer.
if you like nature, you should definitely go to the galapagos islands, you won't regret it.
i have 3 weeks left going to school in toronto.
i'm leaving for new zealand on the 3rd of april.
approximately 24 hours to take getting my destination.it will take approximately 24 hours to reach my destination.
i have't searched for a house to live in, or a job.
if you have some information please let me know.
which district is the best place to live comfortably.
actually, i don't have any preference.
i have 3 weeks left of school in toronto.
i'm leaving for new zealand on april 3rd.
it will take about 24 hours to get there.
i haven't looked for a house or a job yet.
if anyone has any suggestions please let me know.
where is the best place to live comfortably?
i really don't care.
i have a card that gives me a free ticket when i have watched more than 5 movies in a year.
that way, you can save energy.
that way, you can get some rest.
it's because of my work!
i always take a day off on monday.
also, i'm a waitress at a hotel.
that's why i'm always busy on weekends.
so i'm always waiting for my day off to come.
i loved weekends when i was a student.
now, i feel completely different.
today, i would like to focus on a media topic.
i just read a breaking news story before breakfast. or:...as i was just about to eat my breakfast.
i think that many editorials don't reflect very good views.or: to me, i haven't read or seen too many good editorials.
therefore, newspapercirculation has been falling every day.
maybe, they need a celebrity endorsement for their news and advertising.
i think that they focus too much on sensational journalism, which doesn't help building their brand.
in about two weeks, my son and i will take part in a robot scavenger tournament in tokyo.
it must have been too difficult for him so i decided to finish it myself last week.
i did it last weekend, fixing all but one of its problems.
in about two weeks' time, my son and i will take in part of a robot scavenger tournament in tokyo.
about two weeks from now, my son and i will take part in a robot scavenger tournament in tokyo.
additionally, we have to go to a practice meet at ueda cable television one week from now.
i had my son make some of the parts of his robot, but he did not do it enthusiastically.
i did it last weekend, fixing some of the problems, with only one left.
unfortunately, technology, education, progress and so on can't stop the silliness of the human, even nowadays!
so where is the root of this problem?
ignorance is at the root of superstitions.
#1470 a different prespective
you can see different things by altering your perspective.
"just imagine this;
i went snowboarding at kandatsu ski resort in niigata prefecture today.
the temperature was a bit high and the snow was wet and sticky, so it felt like snowboarding in pring.
despite that, i thought kandatsu had nice slopes and views, and i want to go there again.
it is sunday, so i get to rest.
getting up late, watching tv shows and playingcomputer games.
also, take in some exercise at night.
well, normal, but still meaningful.
i have watched a tv program, today.
it was amazed that she is the first woman who had named principal in this 20 years.
i was so moved, because i watched her progress while i read some magazines and online news.
in the tc program, her dance was so attracting that i felt fascinated even in next day.
i watched a documentary today.
it told the story of a woman in the royal opera ballet.
it was amazing that she was the first woman to be named principal in the past 20 years.
i also watched her progress in magazines and online news articles, which was very moving.
i her dancing was so fascinating that i couldn't stop thinking about it, even the next day.
someday, i want to watch her on stage in person.
many people insist that a great many talented people have a high iq because they have good genes.
i believed that before i was 20 years old.
reading books is definitely the only way that you get more output than your input.
i am always thinking that as soon as i have finished my cpa studying, i will read a lot of books which i have longed to read for a long time.
nowadays, i read american history on sundays.
i occasionally read it while checking the map at the same time to help me understood the growth of american.
i went to the earthquake experience this saturday.
there is a room in a truck car which recreates the great east japanese earthquake.
it shook a long time and i was petrified.
by the way, my friend entered the room without any socks.
he first hid under the desk once it started shaking.
his feet faced towards me and they stunk.
the nagoya marathon festival was held today.
thanks to all the people involved in the festival.
today was also the 7th memorial day of the great east japan earthquake, in which there were a lot of victims.
i felt good today because it was sunny and warm.
i went outside with my children.
we had snacks after we played outside.
my daughter fell asleep immediately because she got tired from playing.
i'm going to change my job starting in april, so now there's not much time left at this office.
i will miss some of my colleagues.
i really enjoy being around him a lot.
although language is the carrier of culture, in terms of the reverse thinking, students should know their own history and culture first in order to understand the purpose of learning taiwanese languages or other foreign languages.
there are several localization strategies of multinational corporations are going to be presented with some specific cases.
it can contribute to make and prefect corresponding laws and policies about multinational corporations by analyzing these strategies,which regulate investments from multinational corporations better; in the meantime, chinese enterprises learn from the methods when it comes to implementing transnational operation. they can learn various things such as what is more or how the firms make the right decision if they competing with multinational corporations.
however, some multinational corporations undoubtedly encounter some barriers while they put into practice, hence during this thesis, i am going to state some common issues of localization, hopefully which can be enlightenment and reference for multinational corporations in china.
because i posted the customer survey last month, i was given a free drink ticket at a cafe.
last week, i drank maccha-cream-frappuccino for the first time.
since it was free, i changed milk to almond milk and the syrup to chai syrup.
not only maccha-cream-frappuccino, but also both almond milk and chai syrup are a new experience for me.
today, i went to ikea, which is a swedish-founded furniture retailer, to buy a bed and a light for the main room that i had been talking about for a long time.
i went to ikea for the first time, and i was really surprised how big this was.
it was very hard to find a selling area where i wanted to go, and i got lost many times.
to come to the point, i couldn't find the bed and the light that i was looking for, but i bought some items for cooking.
since i had drunk too much the previous night with my colleges, i was a little tired and sleepy in the morning.
when we arrived there, it was past 2:00 p.m.
my mother was cooking a lot of dumplings, vegetable tempura, and curry as usual.
we cleaned the graveyard and set down some flowers and prayed in front of the grave.
i just drank coffee because i was satisfied with my late lunch.
pancake
we ate a late lunch.
after visiting it, we went to a cafe to take a break.
it was soft and was disolved quickly in my mouth.
multiculturalism plays a significant role in taiwan, especially in the field of education.
within the context of taiwanese multiculturalism, the proposed study will target how the trend of multiculturalism has come to prevail over taiwan since the 2000s and how it affects the taiwanese multi-language education policy. it will also explore the dilemmas that have formed in applying it to taiwanese public primary schools.
i'm now actually in london! i feel like i'm living in a tv show!
everything is so different and exciting, and there are handsome guys everywhere.
london is like a magical busy paradise full of hot cute guys.
a guy way out of my league kissed me the last time i saw him.
he is so cute, and never says bad stuff.
am i dreaming? i'm asking myself this pretty much everyday.
the chinese love a monk named san zang very much.
the chinese monk's name was san zang.
san zang wa a great translator who translated books about india, and the chinese respect him very much.
but in fact, there was an even greater translator before san zang. his name was jiu mo ruo shi and he was an indian.
at the moment, he heard a crash like thunder and found a huge monster looking down on him. it had two tusks, fiery eyes, and horns covering it from head to back.
the merchant replied in fear for his life, "i promised to give a rose branch to my daughter and forgot about it until the last moment.
i thought a single rose would be no problem."
the beast said, "i will spare your life on one condition: bring your youngest daughter here within seven days, for whom you have stolen my rose.
otherwise, you must come back here and die."
when he arrived and gave the presents to his daughters they thanked him.
and he revealed what had happened in the garden.
the next day the merchant took his daughter to the dwelling of the beast.
when they arrived, the doors opened but there was nobody there but them.
there they saw a table, where there were beautiful glasses and fine dishes full of food.
in the past, parents were supposed to perform clearly-differentiated roles in the upbringing of their offspring.
firstly, a flawed argument is that mothers are better at parenting in comparison to fathers, because of them being the ones who carry the pregnancy to term.
i went to mitake to do bouldering.
but i really enjoyed bouldering outside.
i was able to find new routes.
as they talked about their yard and whatever else, she was no longer afraid of him and came to like him.
at last, she came to the bush from which her father had picked up the rose and found the beast lying on the ground, not moving at all.
she was stricken with sadness and laid herself beside him.
i was starting to love you."
no sooner had she said this than the hides of the beast split into two and the most handsome young prince was before her.
he told her that he had been changed by an evil magician.
i wanted to load up my ic card, pasmo, at the station.
just so you know, when you load your ic card, you first insert it into the slot and then select the amount of the money you want to load to it.
there are also audio instructions available in english.
you just have to press the "english" button on the screen.
when your card is loaded, the machine announces, "don't forget to pick your ic card up before you leave".
when my card finished loading, i was doing something else and was too late in picking it up.
i guess it was only thirty seconds or one minute.
my ic card was sucked into the slot and couldn't do anything to get it back.
i was like, "ah shit!
come on!".
it was just a nuisance, right?
fortunately, there was a call button, so i pushed it and called the staff.
eventually, he got it back for me.
i still don't understand it at all.
actually, that station was a monorail station called nippori toneri liner, which has self-driving trains.
during rush hours, it gets overcrowded.
when my card finished loading, i was doing something else, so i ended up being late to pick it up.
the machine ate my ic card and i couldn't find a way to get it back.
i mean, it was such a pain.
the eldest sister wished for a necklace and the second sister wished for a gold chain.
but the youngest sister wished for her father's safe return.
the youngest sister said, "that's what i wish for the most."
she said, "then bring me back a rose branch, father."
but there was no point getting a rose branch because it would wither before he got home.
so he decided to obtain it later, but he totally forgot about it until he was near his house.
he suddenly remembered it and looked around hoping there might be a rose bush.
then he came across a great garden, where he wandered about untill he found a fantastic rose bush, from which he picked the most beautiful flower.
it has been just 1 year since i moved to singapore.
it was very quick for me.
before moving to singapore i felt nervous, but there has not been any problem so far because i am with my family and made some good friends in singapore and feel lucky be in a great team.
sometimes i feel hard to work, but it has been a totally enjoyable life in singapore.
the bar chart illustrates the comparison between the number of deaths caused by six diseases and the amount of medical research funding devoted to them in someland in 1990.
overall, it is apparent that the most deadly diseases had the least medical research funding.
these diseases were aids, leprosy, tropical diseases, diarrhoea, malaria and tb.
in 1990, tb was the most significant disease causing death with approximately 1.8 million deaths while only 20 million dollars were spent on its research.
in contrast, about 180 million dollars were spent on aids, which killed only about 0.2 million people.
furthermore, leprosy recorded about 0.1 million deaths, and funding for its research was almost 80 million dollars.
moreover, tropical diseases and diarrhoea scored about 0.3 and 0.5 million deaths respectively whereas their funding for their research was almost 80 and 60 million dollars respectively.
malaria's research funding was 50 million dollars despite it causing well under 0.5 million deaths.
environmental pollution is one of the major global issues of the 21st century.
if governments force all the oil companies to build robust tankers and to adopt more stringent safety procedures on their oil rigs, accidents and leaks will be less likely to happen.
in conclusion, it seems to me that the environment is society's most pressing concern and individuals can play a crucial role by joining hands with the government to reduce the harm caused to the environment.
my first class in italki.
iltaki is a platform where you can find a native teacher and schedule a lesson with him in skype.
my teacher is wensei, she is an english native teacher.
she gives me a feedback about my english.
she recomnends for me to expand my vocabulary. the way to do this is to write 8 to 10 words per day in a sticky note and paste those in a visible place in order to practice that words during the day.
this point is very important. practice the words, only writing them isn't enough. otherwise, i will lose the words.
another recommendation is write as much as possible. writing is a method of improving my writing, my vocabulary and my reading.
the last recommendation and the most important is interact with english.
she recommends me to watch tv series without subtitles in english.
i am committed to learn english, but i don't have enough time to practice. for this reason i have joined this activities.
first i will try to watch an episode in a series that i like without subtitles and then write a summary about the episode, writing 10 new words that i have found in the episode and finally practice these words in my next lesson in italki, and clarify doubts about the new vocabulary.
yesterday was my first lesson in italki.
italki is a platform where you can find a native teacher and schedule a lesson with him in skye.
my teacher was wensei; she is a native english teacher.
she gives me feedback about my english.
she recommended for me to expand my vocabulary. the way to do this is to write 8 to 10 words per day on sticky notes and paste those in a visible place in order to practice those words during the day.
this point is very important. i need to practice the words. only writing them isn't enough; otherwise, i will forget the words.
another recommendation is to write as much as possible. writing is a way to improve my writing, my vocabulary, and my reading.
the last recommendation, and the most important, is to interact with english.
she recommended for me to watch tv series without subtitles in english.
i am committed to learning english, but i don't have enough time to practice. because of this, i will try to start these activities at once.
first i will try to watch an episode in a series that i like without subtitles. then i will write a summary about the episode using 10 new words that i found in the episode. finally i will practice these words in my next italki lesson and clarify doubts about the new vocabulary.
i am afraid of getting little done these next few days.
i hope this will not happen!
four years ago, i was just an ordinary esl student who planned to go back to japan within a year, until i met my friend's father who owns a mining company.
throughout our conversation, i have grasped that investment banking played the pivotal role in raising funds and ensuring smooth operation of his business.
yet, i gave up once since i was afraid of losing this very high competition.
for 90 seconds, i conveyed my thoughts about how trying my best would lead me to the best outcome based on my experience to get into this school.
throughout my career exploration from corporate fp&a to corporate finance, nothing excites, challenges and makes me be a better version of myself more than the investment banking industry.
i have been fascinated to see how much i have progressed since last year and see my further personal growth among dedicated and committed peers.
we are a group of 4 students from a business school.
we are a group of four students from a business school.
we are conducting a project about a natural energy drink, in order to launch this product in france.
more precisely, we provide fruit juices in different bottles, with different prices with complete transparency about where the fruits come from.
but if you can complete all of them, it would be very useful for us.
only your personal opinion interests us; there are no right or wrong answers.
here are the links:
i--i just feel like i would look at--at, you know, especially in math.
i felt like i--i would look around and everybody is getting it.
umm, you know, i struggled as everybody does, you know, in elementary school "where do i fit in?"
maybe he is tough outside and tender inside.
maybe he just needs to come back to his real self once in a while, like riding pink motorcycles or even putting on lipstick.
maybe every man does something which is not very manly sometimes.
when we talk about tough girls,
what does "how to grow the fuck up" mean?
i went to the neighboring prefecture today.
my son was studying for examination tests at home.
he talked happily while eating his favorite crab.
i couldn't understand what he said.
the internet said, "it is a symptom due to shellfish allergy".
i had never known that he had crab allergy.
i shouldn't have been to osaka this weekend.
if i had known everything my friend knew, i wouldn't have said yes.
i shouldn't have gone to osaka this weekend.
if i had known everything that my friend thought, i wouldn't have said yes to go.
my first english conversation lesson.
a lot of graffiti.
i thought it was art ever since i saw it on an old, destroyed gate with a sentence holding an important date: 1918.
above it was a picture which showed the year in which poland regained independence.
one day when i was coming home, a young woman with her child were sitting behind me.
the picture on the gate teaches our youth about our history.
graffiti is art because it is shows an expression to others as well as teach them something they might not know.
i am studying english now.
i want a nnative english speaking friend...
boring day.
today is sunday, and i went to the church and prayed.
after church time, i called my friend and said, "hey, let's hang out together"
but he said he couldn't do that.
but i came home..
today is a day with mood like boring.
it was very strange that i found a very nice smartphone case at a three hundred yen store last friday.
when i got to the store, i found many types of smartphone cases on the wall.
it said that it cost 3,600 yen.
it cost 3,600 yen at the store.
i change my jobs again.
it has been a long time since my last entry.
i changed my jobs this january to chace a dream.
i wanted to use english in business situation and work at global situation.
however, i got only three or four chances to use english in a year.
in addition, my salary decreased a little compare to my previous company, so my family was dissatisfied at it.
that was why i quit my job this march and joined another company.
i believe that i made a good decision and i can use english at the new company.
i have hardly used english, so my english skills are getting rusty.
thank you so much for reading!
i was a beginner contestant. i also watched the contest itself for the first time.
the contestants of the english session were exciting.
their voices were loud and the performance was good.
there were two foreign contestants and there were large foreign audiences.
i joined the contest for the first time and also watched the contest for the first time.
the contestants of english session were exciting.
their voices were loud and their performances were good.
there were two foreign contestants and there was a large foreign audience.
i was encouraged by them.
today, i received the result from the daycare admissions.
my daughter was not accepted.
she can't go to the daycare.
i felt some disappointment.
i am very anxious because if i don't work for a long time, i may not be able to find a job later.
in order to entertain single and solitary people, karaoke booths have gradually appeared in many downtown areas.
unlike karaoke bars where customers have to rent a room for hours, this karaoke booth allows a single user to sing in a booth.
compared to a traditional karaoke bar, it's not cost-efficient, and the equipment is kind of unhygienic.
still, i think people still can give it a try out on a whim.
i usually can't do hard training but i can do very hard when with a friend.
because if someone is watching what i do, i can do more than usual.
after that, i drunk a protein shake.
i'm not a muscular person but when i am with him i want to drink it!
i love guinness, which is irish traditional beer.
i love guinness, which is a traditional irish beer.
clocks automatically went ahead one hour.
the mistake i made was i went to a bed very late last night, resulting in less sleeping time.
long time no see.
my toeic score goal is over 800.
however, my score is still far lower than 800 points.
to shake myself up, i usually apply for the exam even without studying.
i had a day off today, so i did housework, and then i watched a movie.
robin williams is a starring actor.
i'm not working today, so i did housework.
then i watched a movie.
it's called "bicentennial man".
robin williams is the leading actor.
it was really touching.
there has to be a reason why aliens haven't invaded us yet.
there's no point in listening to him anymore.
it is a common phenomenon that hiring managers make biased decisions about an applicant.
especially, it can be quite successful in the it industry, where men often prevail over women.
one more advantage is that, implementing gender-blind hiring may change how people treat men and women.
self introduction
that's why i love my major.
i am fascinated by advanced technological products.
but i am not easily satisfied with mere usage. i wish i can have the ability to design new tools to help people do something that they find difficult.
generally speaking, i am a hardworking student when it comes to studies, and a humorous and easygoing boy when it comes to just being social.
as a member of the student union and class committee, i strive to finish all assignments perfectly and to get positive remarks from my teachers and classmates.
in my spare time i like reading books, playing chinese chess, communicating with my friends and playing some ball games and so on.
usually, i take part in competitions, which not only improves my teamwork and problem solving skills but also helps me have a better grasp of professional knowledge.
all in all,if i'm lucky enough to learn mechanical engineering in hfut, i will concentrate on my postgraduate studies.
thank you for your attention.
this week, i went to a city that is located in the east of germany to support some customers.
i live in west of germany, so i had to drive more than 300km.
i had lived in japan for 32 years since
therefore i have never driven at such a high speed in my life.
i've been studying english grammar while commuting since last week.
thanks to studying english words, i became able to understand english sentences to some extent.
however, it seems that it will take much time to make english sentences perfectly.
you can check the context below.
someone said, "can you take a left?" and the uber driver went, "nope, but i can hit a u-ie up here."
i don't need material possessions,  i need memorable and meaningful experiences.
i don't need to accumulate material possessions but i need memorable and meaningful experiences.
today, we went to a shopping mall.
i spent time at the toy area with him.
i spent time at home with my family.
i'm not a teenager.
i became an adult, so i should change my style of clothing.
i loved cute clothing, but it was childlike.
i search for other kinds of clothing now.
but is it possible to become successful in our society with such a mindset?
however, is it still possible to become successful in our society with this line of thinking?
my art school teacher's face looks like a thumb.
take a look at your thumb.
i met him at my art school graduation show yesterday, and i just felt like writing about my great thumb-faced professor.
3- i'm learning english because english is the global language and also, learning english is my hobby.
4- i will go to japan with my two college friends on april 8th.
i lived in beijing a long time ago
7- you have two korean friends, and you met them at church, right?
one of your korean friends will be 39 years old this year.
is this right?
and what is the difference between these two words?
they bloom every year and tell me when spring is beginning.
i saw small white flowers blooming at the corner
six years ago, wild boars dug up my garden and every flower was spoiled, but the bulbs were alive under the ground.
they bloom every year and announce to me the beginning of spring.
106-1 the criminal sentenced to death has already spent 25 years in prison.
106-3 time flies so fast.
march 14th is called white day.
in japan, a man gives presents to a woman in return for a valentine's day gift.
i don't like this custom because it seems like a corporate strategy of confectionery companies.
on valentine's day, so i made sweets for them.
crush biscuits into pieces and add melted butter.
pour it on the black chocolate.
i decided to make this because i can make it without using an oven.
i don't have an oven.
i am doubtful whether i should give failed sweets or buy some ready-made sweets.
a lucky thing happened last night while i was reading harry potter in english.
when i looked up a word in my dictionary, it opened to exactly the page i wanted.
it was a little thing but it was still a pleasant experience for me to look at its definitions.
4- i will go to japan with my two college friends on april 8th.
i lived in beijing a long time ago.
one of your korean friends is 39 years old this year, right?
white day is coming.
the 14th of march, white day, is coming soon.
i'll reserve nice chocolates for my wife and daughter tomorrow.
i'm afraid that it'll take a long time to get my chocolates, because many men will also come to the cake shop and buy chocolate or something sweets for women.
on valentine's day, i know that some women buy chocolates for themselves.
i must say that i am so happy and excited but at the same time i am so worried about my future career.
it reminds me of the day i first entered the college and i knew nothing and was a lonely person back then.
everything is happening too fast or maybe i should say i wasted the time i spent during those four years.
i am so regretful for not putting in much effort during my secondary school years.
i shall apply for a local university rather than applying for private college instead.
spring is my favourite season.
everything is so green and fresh.
start to write journals on this website
i started learning english when i was a grade one student in junior middle school; i found that english letters are pronounced totally different from the chinese pinyin in my first english class.
i felt it would be difficult for me to get a high score in this language subject.
when i was a university student, passing the cet4 and cet6 was indeed a headache for me, although i passed both examinations, i got a low score.
now i have been working for several years and rarely use this language, i feel my english getting worse and worse.
so i really want to improve my english; especially my writing and listening ability. i hope that somebody who is good at english or a native can help me by correct my articles and
i would further appreciate it if you could give other sentence expressions, even if my sentence has no problems so that i can learn more.
and i could help you if you want to learn chinese.
scattering the clouds to patches,
ichiro suzuki is a japanese baseball player and has played in the mlb for over 18 years.
he is quite smart and of course can speak english fluently.
however he never speaks english at interviews.
needless to say, there are some american fans who complain that he intentionally doesn't speak english.
such people tend to be criticized as racists.
there is an old temple and tokyo tower next to the hotel where i worked.
the picture shows the unique contrast of modern and tradition in tokyo.
there's both an old temple and tokyo tower next to a hotel where i once worked.
the picture shows the unique contrast of the modern and the traditional in tokyo.
i don't know how to change the picture's orientation.
there's both an old temple and tokyo tower next to the hotel where i recently worked.
i think that the both buildings blend into the cityscape.
there are an old temple and tokyo tower next to the hotel where i worked.
the picture shows the unique contrast of modern and traditional in tokyo.
i think both buildings blend into the cityscape.
in recent years with the booming of the economy, it is not a severe problem for the general population to increasingly attend college and obtain the quality of education.
as far as i am concerned, this statement is too arbitrary..
i am going to elaborate in the following paragraphs.
without your help, i couldn't have finished it.
without water, no living thing could exist.
without you, our project wouldn't have succeeded.
in english, it's called the great east japan earthquake.
and there was a tsunami after the earthquake, then the nuclear power plants in fukushima prefecture were destroyed by the tsunami.
over 15,000 people died in this earthquake, most people were swept away by the tsunami.
as far as i remember, more than 2,500 people are still missing.
a level 7 earthquake of, magnitude 9 was observed.
it was my final day of training at the cooking school.
there are many great places to visit in japan other than tokyo.
please try to move to another area.
came back after four years
i have not used this website in four years.
i can not help but think: how time flies!
what makes me sad is that my level of english seems not to improve in practice, even retreated.
anyway, i wanna restart and practice my written english every week.
i hope i can rapidly improve my english before i graduate.
meanwhile, i also wanna make more friends from all over the world.
a boy who lives in the house opposite took the entrance exam for kyoto university last year.
this year, he passed the entrance exam.
a boy who lives in the house opposite ours took the entrance exam for kyoto university last year.
however, he passed the entrance exam this year.
the final week in osaka just has begun.
about 70% of preparation for moving has been finished.
i found some good and bad points of osaka.
by the way, this "small world" was b-grade sci-fi and the story was about a geek who invented a gadget which can make any object small in size.
the thing is that until much later i didn't realize that tabitha king was the wife of stephen king, another author whose works i love.
this means that i unknowingly read his wife's work prior to stephen king's works.
i asked a plumber about a problem.
but he can change the faucet.
i live in a small town, which was hit by tsunami seven years ago.
because of the uniqueness of the city design and quickness of decision making, it has been received public attention.
i accepted it easily, but it turned out to be harsh.
we conversed in english because i can not speak more french than she can speak japanese.
i tried to understand her english, but i only knew a few words.
i suppose neither did she because my english is low level.
we had spend an hour irritating each other.
after the interview, i asked her what kind of japanese culture she was interested in.
i was interviewed by a french university student
i live in a small town which was hit by a tsunami seven years ago.
because of its uniqueness of the city design and the quickness of decision making, it has received public attention.
she's a pretty smart french girl who majors in politics at akita university.
she asked me to interview me about my thoughts of this town.
i accepted the interview easily, but it turned out to be harsh.
we spoke in english, because i can no better speak french than she can speak japanese.
i tried to understand her english but could only understand a few words.
we spent an hour irritating each other.
i should her for her interests first.
there is a small yakuza office near my house.
several of the members often talk in front of their office, but they have never tried to hurt me at all.
the tattoos consisted of symbolic patterns.
these two mummies were unearthed in a small city gebelein in egypt, which is located about 40 kilometers south of luxor.
they are estimated to date from 3315 to 3117 bc, which is the pre-dynastic period before the first pharaoh ruled the entire country.
on the other hand, the tattoos on the male might represent his masculinity and power.
the oldest tattoo ever found is a geometrical design on a mummy called otzi that is roughly 5300 years old.
it was discovered in 1991 in the alps in italy.
having been frozen, its condition was very well-preserved and complete.
hi, my name is luiz, i'm brazilian and i study software development.
i hope to improve my english and french to visit others countries like canada, england, france, ireland and the uae.
thanks for helping me and have a nice day.
i know that perfection won't be necessary on my speech, but please correct my sentences if they don't sense or or would confuse them.
i hope none of the students who will be at the reception read this.:p
i guess when you hear japan, busy cities like tokyo and historical cities like kyoto will come to your minds, but not so many guide books have introduced countryside towns like this.
i'd like you to enjoy this opportunity to experience another side of japan that most tourists rarely can.
i looked up your college and city this time to welcome you.
i've known all the host families here for years, and all of them are really warm and welcoming.
i wish i could add a little joke but i don't want it to fall flat, so i decided not to.
here are some parts of the speech.
i know my english don't have to be perfect on this speech, but please correct the sentences which don't make sense or sound confusing.
i hope none of the students who will be at the reception will read this.
i guess busy cities like tokyo and historical cities like kyoto will come to your minds when you hear japan, and i suspect that you've never seen a rural town like this in guidebooks or on tv shows before.
i looked up your college and the city when i was preparing to welcome you.
here are some parts of the speech i'm thinking about using.
i know my english doesn't have to be perfect in this speech, but please correct the sentences which don't make sense or which will make them confused.
i guess busy cities like tokyo and historical cities like kyoto come to mind when you think about japan, and i imagine that you haven't seen much about rural towns like this one in guide books or on tv shows before.
i'd like you to enjoy this opportunity to experience another side of japan which tourists rarely get to see.
in order to make you feel more welcome i did some research on your college and the city where you are studying.
i've known all the host families here for years and all of them are really warm and welcoming.
try to check out your one week learning english state.
try to check your learning english state for one week.
have you ever worn yourself thin because you did too much?
maybe you worked 10-hour days for a month.
or perhaps you exercised for two hours without taking a break halfway through.
when you get burnt out, it's because you've worked or played too hard. it's important to have balance in your life.
i went a little overboard, so i'm going to go shopping or sailing for a change of pace and to relax.
researching and knowing about other planets is important for us, but living there is a not good idea.
first, it costs too much to live away from earth.
we need to board a space ship in order to move.
that requires too much energy and money.
also, when we communicate with people who remain on earth, or buy something that we can't get in the planet we live on, we will have to pay too much money.
we can't even breathe on other planets so masks and suits are essential.
also, there might be harmful substances or creatures we never knew about.
the two swans that live in front of the river in front of my house have gone this year.
they also migrated around this time last year.
i was very sad but i wondered about them.
they have been living on moats of nearby castle's recently."
they seem to be feed often because of the many gathering tourists.
the two swans that lived in the river in front of my house have gone someplace else this year.
i was very sad, but i had been wondering if they have been living together somewhere else.
they have recently been living in the moat near the castle."
they seem to get fed often because many tourists come there.
i am silly because i cried after they continued on their journey last year.
i didn't have any accidents at my office.
on top of that, there was a free time for me because of the absence of trainees who i have to look after.
i spent the time maintenaning my equipment, and took the rest of the time to finish desk work.
i had gone home at 2:00 am that day, i was in tokyo.
by the way, do you know the japanese comedians egashira and sandwich-man?
egashira immediately rushed to the touhoku area by train when after the earthquake.
sandwich-man has donated 4 billion yen to the touhoku area.
i want to do what i can to assist the victims of the earthpuake!
cheer up japan!hmmmmm... strange.....how aboutbe strong japan!
egashira soon rushed to the touhoku area by train after the earthquake happened.
cheer up japan!
i had arrived home at am2:00 that day even though i live in tokyo.
sandwich-man has donated 400 million yen to the touhoku area.
i want to do what i can to assist the victims of the earthquake!
sandwich-man have donated 0.4billion to the touhoku area.
cheer up, japan!
a younger age.
ironically, human relations are weakening.
my friend wang is a chinese international student.
he was heartbroken last summer.
he was depressed and couldn't drive his car.
i was worried about him.
however, soon after he returned to china he said,"i'm going to get married!!!!!!!"
we were surprised and thought, "who is marrying him??"
he said that he saw his ex-girlfriend in his hometown and she was pressuring him into marrying her.
he will get married next winter.
i went to a movie theatre alone today.
i was kind of hesitant before i went inside, because it was the first time i had done this.
in general, people don't go to the theatre alone in japan, some people might think you're weird if you do.
i was afraid of being thought of like that.
however, in hindsight, it was not a big deal at all.
they didn't take any notice of me, and some other people were alone as well.
by the way, the movie that i watched was called "the greatest showman". have any of you seen the movie?
i wanna talk about it.
it was the best movie i've seen in recent years.
the movie was a musical about a love story.
the main actor was hugh jackman.
i've seen him in some other movies.
but this one was quite different.
his character was born into a poor family, but he became a worldwide sensation after discovering his passion.
it was something that others never imagined and intrigued many people.
i especially loved the theme song, i'm even listening to it now.
i am starting to make friends.
tried to open my heart.
but it's difficult.
i live in sapporo, an area in the northern part of japan.
i moved here from tokyo last year because my husband was transferred
there is a lot of delicious food.
but there is very comfortable weather in summer.
i could relax all day.
it was a normal day.
it is a sunny day!
i am very nervous and stressed.
cause i still have no job.
i speak mandarin, so i could teach your child how to speak chinese.
email:lone0220@yahoo.
if you are interested
please call me, thank you very much.
but i think i should go to work at a farm first.
writing schedule and transcribing interesting recipes in my notebook.
my friend irina studies at university in germany. she lives in marburg.
marburg is a small but very beautiful town.
i think irina was very scared because she went alone to a foreign country.
at first she had problems with the language and her studies.
when she finishes her studies, irina will try to find a job in gemany.
do you have recommendations for frankfurt?
i'll go to frankfurt next week.
unexpectedly, i will not be able to meet my friend who's living in germany, so i'll do it alone.
anyway, please tell me about your recommendations if you have any.
all of them were on the verge of starvation.
he was arrested and sent to prison.
at first, he was sentenced to five years in prison for theft.
afterwards, he tried to break out of prison and failed.
his prison term was extended to 19 years in total.
he was wondering why his punishment was so heavy.
he then tried to break out of prison but failed.
he wound up falling into poverty.
they were all on the verge of starvation.
one day, he stole a loaf of bread from a bakery.
at first, he was sentenced to five years for theft.
i am graduating t from a vocational school.
i love techniques a lot although there are lot of things i need to learn.
today is a very important day for japanese people.
seven years ago, japan was hit by a big earthquake.
over fifteen thousand people were killed.
we must not forget this tragedy.
and i want to say to people all over the world, thank you so much for praying for japan.
i've got to learn the word "tangram" for the first time.
tangram consists of seven pieces of wood and they fit snugly in a square case.
we can shape animals, airplanes, ships and so fourth with the seven pieces.
i've learned the word "tangram" for the first time.
the content uses tangram.
i learned the word "tangram" for the first time.
tangram consists of seven pieces of wood that fit snugly in a square case.
now i'm creating an installation for children.
the contents are tangrams.
tangrams consist of seven pieces of wood and they fit snugly in a square case.
from morning to night every tv channel broadcasts the news and reports about the eastern japanese earthquakes.
the day, march 11, became special not only to me but also all japanese.
we started counting the years since march 11, 2011.
maybe there are not many such special days for japanese.
the other days are august 15 in 1945, when we japanese lost the second world war, and august 6 and 9, when atomic bombs fell in japan.
when i was only a child, second world war was already an old story, though not so many years had passed yet.
we were hardly able to find foreign tourists then.
i had a really great time yesterday.
my wife bought me new jogging shoes and socks at a sporting goods store in a shopping mall near kyoto station.
first, i received a diagnosis of my legs and physical measurements including the size, the circumference, and the balance.
i consulted with a staff member about the result and we selected the best one for my legs.
my wife had selected an undershirt for my jogging in advance and we were planning to buy the one at the store, but it was sold out.
we gave up buying one at a store and decided to buy it on internet.
expressions relating to jobs is are very characteristic.
we say "i sent my resume to a company." which, in literal japanese is to say "i applied for a job." also, "i was adopted into the company." in literal japanese is to say "i got a job."
i am still confused why donald trump, a liar and a pervert, has been elected as president of the united states.
in my eyes, christians value things like morals, self-discipline and so on, which is quite obviously that man quite obviously doesn't have.
is there anyone who can shed light on this self-contradiction for me?
please forgive me if any viewers were offended.
i would be more than glad to hear a different perspective
lang-8 was too slow for me and i couldn't write on it or correct others' articles.
and when i opened lang-8 again, the request disappeared and no friend was added.
it didn't go unnoticed to keira the tension in her words generated in liam, and not for the first time she wondered the reasons behind his presence there.
she would do almost anything to get out of there, but time had taught her that actions have consequences.
however, a spark of hope stirred up in her heart.
she could feel it the same way her animal instincts always feel the danger.
but also she sensed that it was something more.
her wild part couldn't completely understand it, and she really didn't want to explore the reason.
as if he sensed her inner doubt, liam closed the distance between them.
he put himself within her hand's reach and stood there, challenging her with his eyes.
the tension that her words generated in liam didn't go unnoticed by keira and, not for the first time, she wondered why he was there.
she could feel it the same way her animal instincts always felt the danger.
but she also sensed that it was something more.
i was moved by that movie.
i hope what i am going to say is not going to spoil it.
in the movie there were minority people who are rejected by society.
when i hold my puppy in my lap watching him slowly fall asleep.
when i hold my puppy on my lap while watching him slowly falling asleep.
holding my puppy in my lap, watching him slowly fall asleep.
these days, there is a hidden impulse in my chest that urges me shout out: stand up, girls!
perhaps it is related to the past women's day.
on many social networking websites, people discussed the topic of feminism and gender equality.
the concerning thing i want to mention is that many people deliberately avoided the word "fu nv", which means "women" in chinese.
you can see many alternatives of "women's day" such as "queen festival" and "goddess festival", which reflects people's reluctance to say "fu nv".
in dictionaries, "fu nv" is defined as an adult woman, but in ancient chinese, this word often refers to married women.
it seems absurd to deem the word "woman" or "married woman" as something with a derogative sense, but it is exactly the fact, at least here in china.
as a result, businessmen are willing to provide special discounts on this "queen festival" so that a large number of young ladies purchase clothes and cosmetics to keep their beauty.
but going back to the origin of women's day: this day is never established to serve the businessmen.
the working and living environment is still severe to women, despite years of effort by many brilliant women workers.
the negative stereotype is rather strong and even girls themselves have accepted the bias.
it's cheaper than the asking price.
i met my nice friend and went to see a live with her.
i am taking a train to shinjuku now.
a lot of scottish and irish people in typical clothes marched in file while playing traditional songs on bagpipes and other instruments.
we were walking beside the parade and decided to stop at a place where there weren't too many people and we could get a better look.
he was wearing a kilt and holding a sword in his hand.
a lot of scottish and irish people in traditional clothes marched in file while playing traditional songs on bagpipes and other instruments.
we were walking beside the parade and decided to stop at a place where there weren't as many people so we could have a better view.
i was telling my cousin that i have a teacher at university from scotland and that we might see him there, when suddenly i saw him marching in the parade, getting nearer and nearer, until he stopped right in front of us!
i always get so nervous and anxious when it comes to talks in english with a native speaker.
the directions sound easy.
i don't drink tap water.
my repertoire has about 20 songs!
my repertoire is about 20 songs!
my parents and my grandmother are landlords.
my parents are very kind to me.
have you ever noticed the mysterious papers on the roofs of houses?
the next day, the wooden papers are thrown from the roofs of each household by the group of neighbors.
it is similar to knocking on wood.
a student in my english class gave a speech.
because kunsiran grows every year, you have to divide the root once every three years.
if you leave it as it is, the pot in which it is planted may crack in case of a plastic pot since the growth of the roots is too fast.
but even if you don't take care of them very much, they bloom beautifully and make you really happy each year.
q: i know there are also lemon yellow ones.
do you have any lemon yellow ones?
i am staying at an inn.
i thought that i had brought my supplements but now i realise don't have them.
i feel uncomfortable because i couldn't do my daily routine.
there is no effect if you don't not take them for even one day.
an overwhelming sadness overcame him when for a brief moment keira's eyes shone with a storm of emotions so dark and deep that he wondered how she could bear it.
to see her chained there was horrible and frightening, but at the same time it was surprisingly. what? surprisingly is an adverb. it has to describe an action.did you mean..... at the same time is was surprising?
he knew that he was running out of time but he didn't rush things.
he needed her to trust him enough to let him approach without biting his hand or scratching him.
if something went wrong he wasn't going to have another chance at this.
"i am going to get you out of here" liam sead softly, "but i need you to trust me."
without looking away from the golden eyes of the young woman, liam continued slowly getting closer to her.
to see her chained there was horrible and frightening but at the same time it was surprising.
she was standing in front of him with her back straight, chin raised in defiance and her upper lip pulled back showing her sharp fangs.
"i'm going to get you out of here" liam said softly, "but i need you to trust me."
liam grimaced, knowing that the girl's mistrust was well-founded.
"true, but i haven't given you any reason not to do it."
i'm not that kind of person who will take advantage of them.
that is why my friends can always rely on me.
so, it seems to me that my sense of humor is my strong suit.
i'd rather stay at home and spend time with my family than go to a party to meet new people.
this area needs more sidewalks.
some of my friends live in studio apartments.
i'm quite interested in a condominium.
to increase my income
in japan, march is the season of graduation, which makes me feel somewhat sentimental.
after a short period of spring holidays, a new school year will begin in april.
i will continue taking an online english conversation course this year.
since then, i have taken a 25 minute lesson with a teacher from the philippines every morning, talking about daily news articles.
about a month ago, i changed my weekly course to an every day course.
i wish i could have learned english when i was an infant.
i am an earthling.
we are waiting for your visit without knowing whether the earth is affected by global warming or an ice age.
you probably understand the main languages of earth.
they are english, spanish, chinese, arabian, french, portuguese, russian, and other languages.
there are several kinds of aliens in the universe, and many of them may be disappointed in us, because we have low intellect and always fight.
anyway, we should use science and technology for our development of civilization in order to move through the distant universe in a short period of time to meet aliens.
by the way, if you visit earth, please give me a message.
i don't want to be afraid like that scene from independence day, when you came by big mothership.
i've just started to read a book on autism.
it begins with a story of how the book's author came across the theme of autism.
he interviewed two people in silicon valley in the mid nineteens.
by chance both of them had an autistic child.
currently, i'm staying in switzerland and i'm studying physics.
today, i helped my boss move.
it has been raining until this morning.
there were some containers and we threw these things into it.
i had a bit of culture shock because in japan it costs us to get rid of unnecessary things.
for some reason, throwing away the garbage helped me get rid of stress. ha ha.
after finishing, he treated us to dinner.
i'm currently studying physics in switzerland.
my friends and i drove to my boss's house.
we loaded unnecessary things into the vehicles and took them to a garbage dump.
there were some containers, and we threw the things into them.
i got a bit of a culture shock because in japan you have to pay to throw out unnecessary things.
i thought the throwing away garbage helps me get rid of stress haha.
i took two breaths, and stepped on the ground, away from the cold window and the warm sheets.
i headed towards my room's bookshelf and finally, a small backpack.
i picked it up and nearly lost my balance because of how much it weighted.
i swung it to the left right before hearing the things it held crackle.
i then inserted my left hand in it, and then my right one.
then i walked toward the door and gently placed my left ear on it.
i felt it's harsh finishing, and focused on the opposite side.
i could barely focus because of the heavy weight on my shoulders, but around thirty seconds i slowly pulled the door, revealing my own shadow extending through the corridor.
there are spam accounts mailing everyone with viral content.
usually, in these types of attacks viruses are hidden as an attachment in the mail or as a link.
but one thing is sure, they want to install a trojan virus on the computer.
in this way, criminals can spy and track your movements on the net, your personal data including files, programs and pictures recorded on your hard disk.
as a new regulatory law arose to control monetary transactions, it is harder to spend money on the net or by transferring it from one bank to another using false identities.
after that, they force you to pay them in order to decrypt those files.
security on the internet.
in my humble opinion the internet is safe.
activities like buying things on the internet, transferring money or surfing on the net, should not be a risk under normal circumstances.
for example, i remember one time i bought a huge television for an incredible price from a less than reputable shop.
i went to the police to make a report.
i will never forget its "caja de andorra".
only three days later they replaced my money.
however, little by little it is being changed.
in these days and in this century, with the advancement of sciences and technology, there are a lot of changes that have happened to the world and the people who live in it.
consequently, there can be a bit difficulty for interaction between the two generations.
older persons can teach teenagers about the experiences and challenges that they had faced in their lives, what they have learned from all the years that they have lived, how a person can best use his time.
on the other hand, there are a lot of experiences that young people can teach old people about like; using the internet, smart phones, laptops and a lot of things that spread via the technology in this world.
young people can teach the elder how times have changed, how we must manage ourselves to live with different people from various cultures, attitudes, learning levels, and different attitudes to important things like love, living alone, working in the night, etc.
in conclusion, we need each other, we can learn from children, teenagers, adults, and old people.
we can learn from sales people, doctors, teachers, engineers, drivers, etc.
we realized that there are no adult-oriented cartoons on russian tv.
only sitcoms, music, dance shows, and others like that.
but american cartoons are very popular in russia.
why does nobody here make such cartoons?
they like to scapegoat others for their mistakes.
what we concern ourselves with first is whether any japanese people were involved in the accident.
japan is an island nation that has cultivated a unique culture and virtues.
our world is changing rapidly, but nevertheless, the japanese cabinet keeps having a discussion about whether or not mere documents exist.
i hate myself sometimes because i was born japanese.
what i can say is that our world is complicated enough to cause us to misplace our priorities.
what we concern first is if the accident involves in japanese people same with us.
as japanese we really like our own homogeneous and small world.
i hate myself sometimes because i was born as a japanese.
what i can say is our world is complicated enough to get us wrong.
can anyone hook me up with her?
my mother wouldn't have let me wear those.
but she wouldn't let me be like a witch or anything.
my study in university is the development of rooftop greening block.
this moss is used as a greening plant for this block and enhances the water holding capacity of the block.
because the water contained in the block evaporates by sunlight.
this effect will solve heat island problem.
this block is environment friendly because it uses industrial waste for raw materials.
- i tried my best to write an english document with my scripts which were created by autohotkey.
i send it to my team via email.
- in the afternoon, at about 6:00, i went to view the house.
the owner is a girl who didn't wear much clothing.
the house was small so i just learned a bit about the house simply and then step outside.
i've been making an android app since the start of the year.
i released it this week.
there are still bugs so i will fix them.
but i was very happy to be able to releas it.
the word "fertilizer" unexpectedly sounds cool to some japanese people including me.
it's probably because the ending of the word, "-zer, " makes the word itself sound awesome.
returning to the subject, the word "fertilizer", even though the meaning of the word is a chemical or organic substance to help plants grow up, i like the cool sound of the word.
i asked her how to improve my english, and she answered that i should go abroad.
i have not gone to study abroad, but i hope to do it.
i have decided to quit my job next year to study abroad.
i am thinking about which country to go to.
he likes running and he sometimes even goes to
other prefectures to participate in marathon competitions.
i and my kids participated in a competition and ran the 2km course last year, but they got to the goal earlier than me.
he lives far away, so we can't see each other very often.
i feel that the older i get, the less time i have to see friends because every friend lives far away and they are also getting busier.
we don't have any ties binding us to our jobs, so, i hope that i'll be able to enjoy talking with him.
i'm seeing an old friend this evening.
its been a year has since i saw him last.
he lives far away, so we don't get to see each other that often.
i feel that the older i'm getting, the less time i have to see my friends because they all live in places that are far from here and they're also getting busier.
even though we no longer have work ties, i still hope that i'll enjoy taking with him.
to say is to my dream come true
i often write what i would like to do on lang-8.
chatting with chinese customers and coworkers in english is very enjoyable for me, but i would like to work with native english speakers because their english is perfect.
furthermore, i would be able to gain a lot from them.
it's probable that many people don't envy the hospitality industry, but i like to recommend washoku and shochu to foreign customers.
to say that my dream has come true
many people probably don't envy the hospitality industry, but i like to recommend washoku and shochu to foreign customers.
a dream come true
to chat with chinese customers and coworkers in english is very enjoyable, but i would like to work with native english speakers because their english is perfect.
i often write about what i would like to do on lang-8.or i have often written about...
probably many people don't envy workers in the hospitality industry, but i enjoy recommending washoku and shochu to foreign customers.
i'm writing to request that the department clean the clearing next to my house.
as you know last weekend the traditional annual fair was held there and now the area is a mess.
the contest
in contemporary society, the pressure of working is increasing on almost everyone, so we must work hard on earning a living, which may take lots of our time.
it's impossible for us to quit our jobs.
so, when parents get old, they may lose their ability to live on their own and need caring almost always.
it's unrealistic that we could stay around them every day, so sending them to nursing homes would be a good choice.
besides, when parents get old, they could get very ill, it's necessary for them to be available for professional care.
i think nursing homes are equipped with medical equipment and professional doctors.
i usually shop online. recently, i bought protein powder and some books online.
i often use amazon and occasionally use rakuten.
i purchased iphone 6 and mac when i was in bangkok, thailand.
mbk seems like akihabara, where there are a myriad of electronic devices.
however, my iphone 6 has something wrong.
my writing skills are not as bad as my speaking skills.
i can not catch up to speaking in english in my brain.
maybe i need to have more opportunities to use english.
dear mrs. rugby,
i am writing regarding the 6-month internship with your company.
i learned with great joy that i was accepted into your company to do my internship as an engineering student for a period of 6 months.
i am currently on a humanitarian mission to bangladesh in order to help the rohingya, who have been driven out of their country.
in fact, the equality of people is a subject that is particularly close to my heart and i could not stay here doing nothing.
i sincerely apologize for this slight concern and hope that it will not affect your decision to accept me into your company.
would it be possible to shift the start date to the end of the week to perform the initial period of training despite my unavailability during the first week?
if this is not possible, i will undertake overtime hours in order to make up for my lost time.
once again, i apologize for the inconvenience i may have caused you.
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
best regards,
last thursday, i changed my old phone to a new iphone x.
it is my first phone model change in seven years.
in addition to those problems, i had to charge it twice a day because my phone's battery had degraded with age.
i knew it was time to change to a new one, but i had been delaying change.
i am planning to take various photos and videos of my hometown when i go home next week, so i decided to buy a new phone at last.
i think only very few people keep using the same smartphone for seven years.
you might say, "oh!
you take good care of things," but the truth is that i am just lazy.
it seems annoying to me to adjust a lot of phone settings to suit my needs.
even now i am getting tired of it.
i need to refresh my english. would you be so kind as to help me?
thanks, dominic
i only used to buy shoes for schools, such as white sneakers in a shopping street close to my home when i was a teenager.
after i had finished school, my older brother bought leather shoes for me to use at university.
they were my first leather shoes, which are the impetus for liking leather shoes.
i bought different types of leather shoes by part-time payment in a newly opened shopping mall in my town when i was a university student.
in the past, i have owned seven leather shoes at once.
how can i learn english?
i've been learning english since april last year.
first, i went to study abroad in cebu.
at that time my english skill was really bad.
for example, i totally couldn't understand what the teacher was asking me, even the easy questions.
so i was frustrated and disappointed with myself, and that's why i tried to study as hard as possible.
please don't misunderstand though, of course i liked them.
after 2 months my teacher said that my english skills had really improved.
next, i went to australia and then also went to language school for 1 month there.
i noticed i couldn't improve my english skills in that school, but why?
i know it was because of me.
i couldn't understand when i talked with native-english-speakers.
the key difference between them and me was that my english skills were not good enough.
i mean, my english grammar, vocabulary and comprehension weren't good enough.
so how can i learn english?
i am not good at everything, but especially grammar and listening.
however, a lot of acquaintances say that my pronunciation is perfect.
please give me some advice...
if you have this kind of difficulty how do you learn english?
thank you for reading my page.
the beginning was an email.
they said " we stopped anyone from using that email address for sending emails.
you will be able to send an email from the address in a day or two." i immediately changed the password because i use this address mainly for internet shopping.
i was able to use the email address a few hours later.
"there is a person who tried to log into your account with your password.
please verify," they said.
i checked the places these pcs were.
one was in setagaya and another was in taiwan.
it was clear that unknown people tried to use my email address and knew my password.
i immediately changed the password to a longer one.
after that day, i tried to log into my amazon account to buy something.
an error message appeared: "there is not an account with this email address." i didn't change my email address for amazon.
i wondered what had happened.
i found there were some people whose amazon accounts disappeared.
i found out that one of them called amazon and got it taken care of.
i called amazon quickly and explained the situation.
they said amazon never changes your email address and password without letting you know and will inform you if the modification is done by yourself.
but i didn't get such a notification.
they asked my latest order number and began to investigate.
according to them, my email address and password were changed last december.
amazon said "we will investigate it thoroughly and email you the results.
it might take a few hours."
3 hours later, i got a message from amazon, they said "it seems that unknown people changed your email address and password illegally.
we don't know how they got your id.
the illegal changes and orders were canceled.
five hours later from now, you can change the password and set your credit card.
so you will be able to use your account again." i did as they said.
i also changed my facebook and line passwords.
i realized that all my passwords were the same.
i will be more careful how i use the internet.
i recently watched a british drama called "miranda".
miranda is a very funny drama.
miranda is the main character of the drama.
she is six feet tall and she runs a toy shop with her friend stevie.
her hobby is playing with vegetables she makes.
the vegetables have human-like faces on them.
to be honest, i've watched miranda for the third time.
i hope miranda season 4 will be released soon.
there are a lot of cartoons in english not made for children.
for example, family guy and brickleberry.
there are many jokes about politics and obama.
i think if someone in russia made cartoons that joked about putin, for example, he would get in trouble.
i want to learn how to write in english.
now my skill is very poor.
this is my diary.
am i right?
i want to improve my english.
my adventure in ica
we stayed in a hostel at huacachina's oases.
the desert and the oases are amazing places.
finally, we did some sandboarding and saw the sunset.
ica is a nice place to experience. you should go there.
teeth cleaning
i went to the dental clinic today.
i had my teeth cleaned.
my teeth had some plaque, so i had my teeth removed.
conflict is everywhere.
i didn't hesitate to speak out against majority opinions.
everyone s gives their opinion loudly almost like they are screaming or shouting so that they can't hear the opposite opinion.
i'd rather be away from all conflict.
today was the worst day i've ever had.
i thought, "i can't handle this!" so i drank too much.
things don't always go the way we want them to, do they?
i drank too much because i couldn't handle it.
we need them to improve our new section and make our store look fresh and visually appealing in the following week.
we would like to order some styles of clothing which are currently blocked for our store.
she sings english songs and uses english words at home.
i'm looking forward to seeing her to move up to d class, but she wants to be with you more.
you are a great teacher!
i really appreciate your kindness.
sue played maud, maud played sue, and aunt sucksby played them both.
but even though the plan seemed to be perfect at first, it was also hard to avoid failure.
my guess: in particular, emotions got in the way and made it difficult to execute the original plan.
my guess: this tv drama depicts how seduction can be used to evil ends.
i recommend this wording - in that drama, courtship is like a game of chess. however, the penalty for losing can be dire!
this world depicted in that drama is full of intrigue and false pretense.
elaine cassidy is a little like ziyi zhang, but her acting is much better.
after seeing the movie, i became very interested in reading the original english novel again.
the novel have been in my mobile phone for a long time.
i had tried to read it a several times, but got stuck on page 1.
and i also want to watch other bbc plays such as price & prejudice and atonement.
i have just finished reading a book regarding a programming language.
it introduced some new ideas and how to implement them.
speaking english is fun and communicating with many people is also fun!
i think the most important thing to study in english is how to communicate with people.
there are not a lot of opportunities to use english in japan so i use english to have the opportunity to have conversations.
at night i want to take a stroll on the streets. it's getting warmer these days, maybe i will start jogging soon.
i put on 5kg last winter; i need to lose that in one month.
i will graduate from my uni in june. after that, i think i will begin to age more quickly.
i know it sounds weird, but i started worrying about my age when i was ten. or:...but i have been worrying about my age since i was 10.
i was always being tortured by those thoughts. or: i have always been tortured by these thoughts.
today i went to the 1911 revolution memorial and i stayed there for about three hours.
there are many good posthumous works in the world.
i plan to take the eiken exam this year.
eiken an exam like toefl and ielts in japan.
so, i'd like someone to check whether or not my sentences have mistakes in grammar.
please give me advice if you find mistakes so i may improve.
in my opinion, online courses are as effective as traditional classes.
since smart phones and tablets were released, the number of people that use them has been increasing around the world.
to use these appliances, the speed of internet has been getting faster.
so, students can listen and look at courses with their own smart phones and tablets anywhere.
these appliances make it easier to learn even if there is a great distance between students and teachers.
they can save money and time with online courses instead of going to traditional classes.
i think that thanks to technical progress, online courses are sufficiently effective these days.
the most important discovery is the opening up of america.
it was a very exciting time period and we should remember it.
i'd like to tell you about how people can change their character.
last night i chatted with one of my old painting friends whom i haven't seen for more than ten years on facebook.
we set up a date when we would meet.
i am excited to see her in person for the first time in more than ten years.
the rest of the procedure for baking bread was really burdensome and took a lot of time.
we just looked and smiled at each other when we bit into our work.
i'm glad to see you again.
a little tragedy in my bag
when i opened my bag in the locker room, i noticed almost all of the lemon water in my bottle had spilled over inside it.
since the lesson was about to start, i dashed to buy some plastic bags and another bottle of water, put my soaked bag into a bag, pushed it into a locker, and then managed to make it to the lesson.
luckily i had been wearing my yoga outfit under my clothes, so i could join in.
i found the rubber seal of the bottle in the kitchen sink when i came back home.
when i opened my bag in the locker room, i noticed almost all of the lemon water in my bottle had spilled inside it.
luckily i had been wearing my yoga outfit under my clothes, so i could participate.
i found the bottle's rubber seal in the kitchen sink when i came back home.
a little blue parakeet!
he is new born, so i have to feed him three times a day and keep him warm at around 30 degrees.
i had a yellow one before that was good at copying human words.
today is my birthday and i got a surprise present from my family.
he is a new born, so i have to feed him three times a day and keep him warm at around 30 degrees.
today is my birthday, and i got a surprise present from my family.
blue little parakeet!
he is newly born, so i have to feed him three times a day and keep him warm around 30 degrees.
i had a yellow one before that could imitate human speech well.
i was passing by, and i couldn't help popping the kid's balloon.
she was passing by and, all of a sudden, i decided to throw at her a water balloon.
you were so pissed off when you saw the asshole had popped the kid's balloon.
she was passing by and, all of a sudden, i decided to throw a water balloon at her.
the pictures above show a bento box counter on the left, and bento boxes in the middle and right.
one deep-fried breaded cutlet of pork bento contained pork, potatoes salad and lettuce.
while my wife and daughter were buying ingredients, i walked around the food department by myself and saw a bento box counter.
there were many kinds of bento boxes: a deep-fried breaded cutlet of pork salmon, chicken, chinese style, and so on.
one deep-fried breaded cutlet of pork bento contained the pork, potatoes salad, and lettuce.
they were small portions but contained many different kinds of ingredients.
there is a youtube channel which is hilarious and known as gamer poop.
once you watch these videos, you can't help but remembering them every time you see jeff kaplan's face.
jeff kaplan himself has mentioned about these videos.
we want to report a mistake with the "report of sales" which you sent us this morning.
two days ago, on the 8th of march, we ended our sales day with a discrepancy between cash and cash up.
yesterday we contacted the it department and together we printed the right cash up.
in the attachment i'm sending photos of the right cash up.
thank you for you help and i'm eagerly waiting for the problem to be resolved.
if you don't know how to fix it, don't even try because you'll just fuck it up.
my boyfriend and i have been living together.
today, i have been dancing for more than one hour.
today, i went to my parents' home by train with my family.
my parents made a bag for their grandchildren.
i went to a barber.
nagging headache
i didn't feel well during the day today because of a headache.
by the time it was evening, i had indigestion, and a headache came along.
headache is the worst thing which i can't endure - more than indigestion because it lasts longer than indigestion despite taking medicine.
now, i got over an indigestion, but i still have nagging headache.
a movie that i recommend is...
i'm going to write about a movie that i recommend.
it is "73 question." in the movie, a questioner is asking 73 questions to some actors and singers in english.
it is good to learn listening and how native english speakers express in english.
i often listening to 73 question on the train on my way to work.
that's why i want to recommend this movie to people who learn english.
18:03:10
i came back home yesterday and didn't write in this diary because i was tired, sorry!
i had a graduation ceremony today!
i was wearing a straight skirt suit, and it was very tight on me.
but i am relieved that i graduated safely.
a store i went shopping at was having a raffle draw today.
they said that we would get to draw a ticket for every 5,000 yen purchase we made.
i spent more than 5,000 yen, so i drew a ticket and got a discount coupon!
also, more than 80% of the electronic information stored around the planet is in english and two thirds of the earth's scientists read in that language.
in addition, english is present in the cultural, social, political and economic life of most of the countries in the world.
english is the tool that allows communication with people from other countries within the globalized world in which we live.
it is also thought that english is not a difficult language to learn compared to others. english grammar has a logical and simplified sequence compared to the grammar to which we are accustomed.
for all these reasons, i consider english to be essential, especially in the field of education, since it allows us to access information and be in contact with the rest of the world.
it is unthinkable today to train in this globalized world without a knowledge of english.
i'd like to receive some tips on academic writing and writing e-mails.
- we are looking for highly skilled craftsmen.
- his skill improved before i noticed it.
work, play and holiday
there are only three things in life.
will you make a balance?
i have never seen an avalanche.
we are searching for a new office now because our staff has increased.
we want to use the new office as a laboratory, so it would be best to rent a room from a university.
we will go to inspect some proposed offices next week.
it is important to see if there is enough space for scientific equipment, five desks and a sofa.
also, it is important that we know when we can rent the room and how long we are able to use it for.
this is my third entry after picking up writing an english diary.
i did a stupid thing - i got up at 6 am for a study drive in this morning.
to be honest, getting up at 6 am is really a kind of torture for me who works at 10 am.
all right, let's call it a day.
today, our company is on holiday, but because i could not finish my work yesterday, i went in to the office.
after i returned home, i took a long nap.
according to bbc, a pub and restaurant in north wales has started a campaign, which is gaining popularity.
the campaign is that customers who ask the shop clerk to keep their electronics such as their smartphone, mobile phone or laptop can get a 25 percent discount on the cost of their meal.
according to the bbc, a pub and restaurant in north wales have started a campaign, which is getting popular among people.
the campaign is that customers who ask the shop clerk to keep their electronics such as smartphone, mobile phone and laptop can get a 25 percent discount on the cost of their meal.
this service is offered only on monday nights.
i want to improve my cooking.
i live alone, so i have to cook for myself.
i don't think i ever cooked once when i lived with my family at home back then.
knowing how to cook is very useful if you want to get married.
today, i made curry rice for supper.
i grilled many onions that i put in the curry.
onions add flavour and sweetness to curry.
and i usually eat curry rice with deep-fried food.
this combination is my favorite.
i continually changed my job because of different reasons like salary, working environment and other things.
i complained and felt that this way of life would never end.
an old saying goes "all work and no play makes jack a dull boy".
focusing only on studying, i had almost no interest in any career.
i had the day off.
i had a restful day.
i ate bali rice for lunch.
workplace environments really affect workers' mood, if their surroundings are good, morale will increase.
in order to save electricity, there was a sensor that turned the lights on only when it detected movement.
workplace environments really affect workers' mood. if they are is good, morale will increase.
the only one downside was that the lighting was so dim in the corridors.
i felt comfortable because everything was organized, and the hotel staff was efficient.
workplace environments really affect the workers' mood. if it is good, their morale increases.
according to the local police, 200,000 strikers marched across the city in the evening; organizers estimated the number to be 600,000.
this agreement includes the implementation of social measures to help the working class, the implementation of a universal basic income, and a constituent process which would have to be validated through a binding referendum by the end of the legislature.
cup said that they were open to reaching a new agreement if the constituent process was carried out by the government and led by grassroots organizations.
they also said that they would never accept it being led by the ruling elite, as an important sector of the pdecat demands.
anc will hold a massive protest in barcelona tomorrow to call for the immediate implementation of the catalan republic.
today, i have read news about north korea.
if this news is true, this meeting will be an important session which can affect the whole world, especially north korea.
i hope it will be correct news and the result of it will be good too.
this way, the livelihood of north korea society will probably change in better way too, because most of them are living in poverty and misery.
as for my exams, i have chosen english and social studies.
besides that, i want to go rock-climbing 5.
i usually eat out about twice a week. i think that is a normal amount of eating-out and isn't big money.
on another note, i want to go rock climbing.
i usually eat out about twice a week. i think that is a normal amount, and it isn't a lot of money.
for a language partner.
i would like to find an english partner in beijing, so we can learning face-to-face.
there are many things i need to do, which take up my study time.
unfortunately my englsih level is lamentable, so i need a teacher to give me guidence!
i would like to find an english partner in beijing, so we can learn face to face.
there are many things i need to do that take up my study time.
i want to prepare for my ielts exam starting this year.
i am now able to make good tomato sauce consistently.
until recently, every time i made tomato sauce the taste varied.
i think my cooking skill has improved a little.
martha's letter to the house-mother of her childhood, mrs hudson.
i hope you are very well and your legs haven't pain.
sometimes he brings me breakfast in bed.
he doesn't let me go to the kitchen.
perhaps, our matter will made right.
i hasn't been better of late.
i lost my apetite in turn harry sits next to me and encourages me that i must eat something.
the truth is that i am afraid and i have a bad feeling.
my family doctor has visited me the last three days but he isn't able to help me.
i don't leave my room. harry says i have to rest.
my friends wouldn't visit me and if i want to make a phone call, i never have a phone line.
emilia, if you can visit me, please do.
if something happens to me, please go to the police immediately.
i'll finish my letter now because helen finished vacuuming and she is leaving to post office.
i don't want harry to notice my letter.
i hate to admit it, i know next nothing about computers.
however, my father taught me and said i would need computer skills when i get a job.
since a few days ago, i had been thinking of taking a walk around my neighbourhood.
however, i didn't feel like going outside
even though the weather was nice.
i stayed at home all day today.
i felt a little guilty for not doing anything.
so i thought of doing something in english at least.
watch videos, read books and play apps all in english.
actually, i did nothing but it made me feel better.
the warm spring sunshine beamed into the room and it felt good.
however, i didn't feel like going outside.
i didn't wanted to do anything.
so i thought to do something in english at least.
all in english, watch the videos, read the books and play the apps.
actually, it was just doing nothing but it made me feel better.
the rental shop
i usually go to the rental shop that offers many cds and dvds at reasonable prices,
but i go to the shop only when i need to rent some dvds for my daughter.
when i want to watch a movie, i tend to download from the online shop.
so i rent dvds from the rental shop when i rent them for the first time.
but they are used for many people and there are many rental shops.
using a rental shop is relatively troublesome for tourists, because users have to register for the membership.
in case of living in japan.
these rental shops are useful for many people,
because in general such shops offer a more reasonable price than online shops.
she was arrested for sitting in the whites-only section of the cinema.
how many people were involved in the issue?
from the first moron that raised a complaint, to the cops that arrested her, the prosecutor, and finally the judge that had to hear the case...
comment: the original is possible, but i prefer this wording - she was the protagonist of an incident that challenged segregation in canada ten years before the famous case of rosa parks.
suggestion: indicate the year of this event - she was arrested for sitting in the whites-only section of a cinema in 1946.
from the first moron that raised a complaint, to the cops that arrested her, the unfair law that led the prosecution, to the judge that had to hear the case...
comment: the original is possible, but i prefer this wording - it takes a lot of energy to hate people.
reading that, i couldn't help but think how petty and wasteful the whole issue was.
hating people takes a lot of energy.
she was a black woman who challenged segregation in canada by sitting in the whites-only section of the cinema.
reading that, i couldn't help thinking how petty and wasteful the whole issue was.
from the first moron that raised a complaint, to the cops that arrested her, the attorney that led the prosecution, and the judge that had to hear the case...
she was the protagonist of an incident to challenge segregation in canada ten years before the famous case of rosa parks.
how many people were involved in this issue?
from the first moron that complained, to the cops who arrested her, the attorney who led the prosecution, the judge who had to hear the case...
hatred requires a lot of energy.
in recent years with the booming of the economy, university is no longer a luxury for the general population, so most people decide to attend college not only because of the paper that makes a diploma but also for the quality of education.
under this view, some people claim that the only way to improve the quality of education universities which should is to spend more money on salaries for the university professors.
as far as i am concerned, this statement is too arbitrary and unilateral because wages increased for professors does not directly an improvement in the quality of education.
i'm now on the way to kyushu, where i was born and raised.
i think driving a car by yourself, on the road with your favourite songs is like meditation, because i often feel like both my car and body are in harmony.
only the unlucky ones are caught and given fines by the police as human sacrifices.
in this sense, driving on the highway can be compared to an adventure in a dungeon full of killer monsters.
i'm now on the voyage to kyushu, where i was born and brought up.
i think driving a car for yourself on a comfortable road with your favourite songs is like meditating, because i often feel like both my car and body are in harmony.
only unlucky guys are caught assigned some fines by the police as examples.
in this sense, driving on the highway can be compared to an adventure of a t dungeon full of killer monsters.
pinkey's age of reason and decision making would be frozen in place, as mine was.
this halting of our growth and development was as if the sun itself, having ever so slightly peeked over the horizon to spread its radiance into the thick, wild darkness of the land, was suddenly imprisoned in the sky before it could ascend any higher so that only a tiny fragment of its light could pierce through the shadow that was imprisoning the land.
an obsession controlled my mind, and i wondered why i was so caged by society and unable to live according to my own decisions.
as pinkey approached grade 8, that meant that our elders would soon halt her formal education.
to some extent, pinkey's intellectual capacity would be frozen in time - as was mine.
logic: for me, this sentence does not seem to have any logic. people can continue to learn without formal schooling. especially in this age of the internet, many people who do not attend school use educational apps on their smartphones. formal schooling represents just one dimension of learning. there are many other dimensions.
comment: okay. this is how the young people in their story felt about the elders. to make the story more interesting, briefly indicate how the elders felt about the young people. instead of a one-sided view, offer a multi-dimensional view...
pinkey was forced to leave school as i was.
comment: i am not sure "willingly" is the best word choice... it implies that she *liked* the forced change. i think "grudgingly" or "half-heartedly" are better word choices.
my fiery indignation at such traditions and beliefs still simmered beneath the surface, refusing to diminish.
every day i thought about my education and the restrictions imposed on my life.
this obsession was often at the forefront of my thoughts. i wondered why women in pakistan were so caged in by society. why couldn't we have the same level of freedom as men?
i became mute as he talked about my education.
for example, i have decided that i will do my intermediate studies in commerce, rather than medicine or engineering.
inwardly i pondered, "how dared he say such a thing!"
i felt embarrassed and quickly took the soap out of water, then closed the tap.
today, the result was released.
the result was released today.
today, the result was released today.
i guess she catches words that she knows or she thinks are important and understands the contents.
a few days ago, a lang-8 member wrote that we need to practice english for one million hours to become as fluent as native english speakers.
do you think that we need so many hours of practice?
once you understand what others are saying, you can communicate with people much better.
there are two tests that you have to take in order to pass. one is a paper test and the other is an interview with the instructors.
the paper test includes a listening section; my granddaughter seems to be very good at it.
that's why she got an almost perfect score on the listening section.
she passed the paper test, but unfortunately she did not pass the interview.
when she retook the test she didn't have to retake the paper version.
she said that she had practiced a lot before the interview and that she was confident that she would get a passing score. even though the results had not been released at that moment.
since she doesn't use english every day.
i guess she catches words that she knows and understands. however, i'm not too sure on the matter myself.
i think this is a good way to learn english pronunciation. i think we should listen to how native speakers say and or pronounce words and sentences.
when i talk with my friends, my brain can only catch certain words.
even though i don't hear all of their words clearly. i can still understand what they are talking about.
that's why i speak as much english as i possibly can.
a few days ago, a user on lang-8 wrote that we need to practice english for one million hours. so as to become as fluent as a native speaker.
i joked with him and said; "we can't live for such a long time," and then, he replied that he should have said "10,000 hours."
do you think we need that many hours?
once you understand what others are saying, it can become much easier to communicate with people.
the paper test includes a section for listening, at which my granddaughter seems to excel.
that's why she got an almost perfect score on that section.
i will show you something which is currently popular in japan.
there are several shops in tokyo where you can smash roof tiles, just like they do in karate practice.
you don't have to worry about injuring your hand.
that's why there is a pre-made slit in the middle, and you can break them relatively easily.
there are several shops in tokyo where you can experience smashing roof tiles, which is just like karate practice.
i want to show you a thing that is currently popular in japan.
you don't have to worry about injuring your hand, either.
kawarawari looks very fun to me.
my boyfriend, who got off first, said he was going to use a car-sharing service, so we rode it together.
when we were on the way, i saw a lot of people waiting for a bus, so i was so lucky he picked me up!
i made a salad just now.
i seasoned it with vinegar, olive oil, sea salt, cumin, and basil.
i cook every day.
now, i have improved my cooking skills.
next, i have to develop my time management skills.
anyway, you can get on even shinkansen with ic card here in japan.
you can use this deposit card even at vending machines, convenience stores, etc.
i saw this ic card in hong kong called octopus, and according to bonyari, it also exists in the uk.
"your world is an oyster," or something like that...
do you have this kind of card where you are?
there is a saying, "seasons come, and seasons go," which originally meant that the winter cold lasts until the spring equinox, while the summer lasts until the autumn equinox.
now it has come to mean"time will solve your problems."
however, it is warm enough these days, now i will take off so i will uncover it.
i would be grateful if you can tell me about any unnatural expression in the following:
i don't mind if you do it later.
it doesn't matter when you do it.
if you're busy now, it can wait till later.
it can be done when you're finished.
there's no hurry - take your time!
our sales in the current term is not as good as the last term.
we have to think seriously about what went wrong.
my direct boss got a little emotional and made us try to think about how to improve our sales.
we are aiming to surpass the last sales figure, but we probably can't do it out as there are only a few weeks left in the current term.
"we have to do something for the next term to get a more sales" my boss said as he gave us a pep talk.
having said that, our clients budgets will be decreased in the next term, so it will be difficult to improve sales.
one of the solutions that i mentioned was to focus on getting new clients by cold-calling companies.
some of coworkers were against my idea because we currently lack staffs.
we didn't come to any conclusion in the meeting.
i still think cold-calling is one of the best solutions.
when people touch the sensor on the trunk, lights with corresponding symbols will flicker.
the interactive way is too direct, such as pressing the button to turn on the light.
people cannot reflect anything through the interactive process.
we got inspiration from alchemy.
we chose the symbol of the philosophers stone, which is a mystical substance that can turn basic metal into gold.
when people move their hands, they will find the light change and have different effects.
then, we made a plastic model at csm; however, the largest radius the machine can make is about 15 cm.
so, a 50 cm radius is impossible.
and if we change the material into glass, it will be too expensive.
also, this 3d sculpt is too direct, there are not too many design elements in it - it is too similar to the original alchemy symbol.
for a long time, japanese school english teachers have been criticized for their own english skills.
they may have some problems but when it comes to learning, i believe that all responsibility for learning lies on the learners themselves.
the reason why japanese students do not improve their english skills is that they do not create areas where they use english on their own.
ignoring their own laziness, they start to blame their schools, the quality of their class, and their teachers.
but stop and think for a bit.
so many boogers keeping making complaints are not aware of their foolishness.
if you keep wasting your time using the method in this way, you should have your students focus on using more practical words, phrases, and grammar.
only school teachers like using different ways from the traditional method, and they feel happy with their evaluations that they get from using other methods like this.
even the grammar translation method, in which the teacher translates each sentence in the language of his students, is still used for teaching these days.
i want them to teach in a stress-free way.
to improve your english skills effectively, you need to absorb a lot of knowledge and information.
depending on how much knowledge the learners have and how often they get to use it, they will improve their english skills.
japanese english learners must know a lot of english words and learn even old-fashioned grammar before they pass their university entrance exams.
they only focus on input.
they have no chance to output what they absorbed.
they should chances to make errors and be corrected so that they can improve.
back to the initial question, are japanese english teachers really poor in their own english skills?
that will be more helpful if you become an english teacher in japan.
science makes it possible to improve the standard of our lives.
i'm considering buying a new one.
one of the very boston-specific things is the boston accent.
the car talk guys have really heavy boston accents.
i don't really see people from ma.
then one random person talked to me with a heavy boston accent, "cute huh?
he belong to this cafe and loves humans." it was a pretty heavy accent, so i had to ask my significant other to translate to me without the boston accent.
boston natives speak not only with a specific accent, but also they speak very fast.
that makes me even harder to understand it.
i don't know if there will be a day i can follow the boston accent.
once a week, we often roam in the bookstore or go to try some food in a new eatery that we have just found out about.
my friend also gets me into playing volleyball.
we play together on every thursday afternoon in the park near my house.
i think that playing sports is a good way to release energy and it's also fun.
you get points by g correcting someones post.
your post will appear on top of all the posts depending on how many points you have.
visitors from our parent company came to our office yesterday.
i'd like to talk about my experience with islam.
honestly, my first impression of islam was not good.
i thought islam was a very annoying religion.
how many rules it has!
but i had an opportunity to give a presentation.
i chose the theme of islam.
i didn't have a clearreason.
also, i learned islam is a little funny.
however it also caused 9.11 and islamic state.
like many other people, i didn't go to islamic countries for a long time.
the people in both countries kindly welcomed me.
i guess egyptians who live in japan are tired.
of course, some of them are bad.
however i enjoyed it at last.
thanks to all the muslim people who gave me a great trip.
i am japanese and i study english every day.
sometimes i think that replying in line is troublesome.
typing by hand is boring.
there are times when i ignore my friends messages.
i don't think that's good.
i want to know how to do these things better.
sometimes i feel like replying to people on an app called line is troublesome.
texting to them is boring.
i sometimes leave my friends messages without replying.
i think that it's not good.
i want to know how to handle those things well.
the roof of the house which we can see from here was built 5 years ago.
my friend talked about a boy who doesn't go to school and only stays at home.
as far as she heard and shared with me, the boy didn't get a diploma from a junior high school, so his family lost hope for his future.
before entering a senior high school, you need a diploma from a junior high school.
as long as they are registered as a resident, they receive the request which says that they are expected to attend the nearest public junior high school.
my friend told me that the boy didn't have a diploma from a junior high school.
even in such a case, they can get the document to give to a senior high school for enrolment.
if they ask the junior high school with which they were registered, the school gives the document, but just with the facts: zero attendance, the lowest grade in all subjects.
i am just afraid that the boy was omitted from the list.
if only they had attended a school in japan before they turned 16, even for a month. then they could have gotten the certificate.
it is an authorised examination to give those people the certificate to enter an entrance exam for a senior high school.
jlpt n1 passers are recognised as having japanese proficiency that's as good as a graduate of a junior high school.
almost every day, i get phone calls from people who want to know what they need to do to get a diploma from a senior high school.
this system applies to all residents, including children who aren't of japanese nationality.
even in such a case, a student can get a different document that will make it possible to enroll in a senior high school.
some of my former students in the philippines encountered this problem.
if they had attended a school in japan before they turned 16, even for just a month, they could have gotten the certificate.
students can earn it by taking and passing an authorized examination.
students who pass the jlpt n1 are considered to have proficiency with japanese at the level of a junior high school graduate.
in japan, we get a job after graduating from high school or college.
japanese people say, "this is common."
i think so, but i want to try various experiences.
now i am a college student, so i have a lot of time.
while i'm a college student, i think about "finding employment," starting business" or others.
for the first time in a year
i posted lang-8 for the first time in a year.
i was busy with my private life.
i've been studying english in other ways.
it is hard to get used to studying english...
i think japanese people do not like self confident people especially in our generation.
japanese people prefer a moderate and humble personality, so we are expected to give humble comments even though they are the olympic winners or successful persons.
if people from western countries have confidence, it is ok because we easily accept the fact that they are different from us.
i don't think japanese people like self confident people, especially in our generation.
japanese people prefer moderate and humble personalities, so we expect humble comments from people, even though they are olympic winners or successful people.
however, pinkey had now reached grade 8, which meant that our elders would soon stop her formal education.
this halting of her growth and development was as if the sun itself, having ever so slightly peeked over the horizon to spread its radiance into the thick, wild darkness of the land, was suddenly imprisoned in the sky before it could ascend any higher so that only a tiny fragment of its light could pierce through the shadow that was imprisoning the land.
on the contrary, they were even more traditional and narrow-minded, and their limited view that could only imagine so much was swiftly becoming a chain wrapped around our legs chaining us to a tiny, little destiny.
pinkey was forced to stop going to school as i had been.
she willingly accepted the cage of prevailing belief that girls over 14 were supposed to stay at home and help with household chores.
i felt embarrassed and quickly took the soap out of water, and turned the tap off.
i sometimes remembered azeem and i used to race at the bank of the river indus when father used to take us out.
i had never felt that happy since i had been grounded.
the cold, wet sand on the bank was like dew on grass.
i thought that he's become more positive than before.
he was surprised that a new shopping center will be built in this countryside even though i'd told him before.
he was most shocked at the train that has one or two cars.
he said, "my hometown is a remote village, right?"
i laughed when i heard it because he used to live here for a long time and such things were common for him.
i wanted to spend more time with him, but he went back to tokyo yesterday.
could you correct my self-presentation? i wrote this text for my self-presentation video.
i'm from a small town in russia, whose name you probably don't know.
so let's just move on to my educational background.
last summer i finished at the udmurt state university with a bachelor's degree in linguistics.
while studying at the university, in order to improve my english skills, i took part in the camp america program.
i spent three months in a summer camp and it was such an amazing experience it turned? me to be a teacher,
although my real major in the university was the theory and practice of translation.
as for my hobbies, they are singing and translating movies or tv series.
but i think this is a is good thing rather than bad.
i'm currently living and working in thailand, but i'd like to get back, not only to work that corresponds to my qualifications, but also to what i enjoy doing.
i'd really love to work with kids in china and teach them english.
so i think that is all i wanted to tell you about myself for now and i hope to see you soon in china.
a wolf robot guards the rice fields in japan
hokkaido wolfs used to exist in japan but became extinct by a wolf eliminating campaign at the beginning of 19th century.
because they were usually used to eating the rice and chesnuts of farmers.
after a successful trial, wolf robots will be brought into mass-production next month.
the robots can efficiently work within a one-kilometer radius, more efficiently than electrical barriers, japanese specialist chihiko umezawa said.
a wolf robot keeping security at rice fields in japan
there are many farms in kisazaru city, chiba province, japan protected by wolf robots that have an awful appearance for the past 8 months, futurism published on march 8th.
these robots, named "super-monster wolbes", were produced for the mission of keeping crops protected from other animals' attacks.
hokkaido wolfs used to existed in japan but became extinct because of a wolf eliminating campaign at the beginning of the 19th century.
this caused the increase of the amount of stags and forestry pigs with no control in several localities.
because they usually used to eat farmers' rice and chestnuts.
after a successful trial, wolf robots will be mass-produced next month.
the robots can efficiently work within about a one-kilometer radius more efficiently than electrical barriers, japanese specialist chihiko umezawa said.
a couple of days ago i corrected an entry.
a native english speaker corrected some of them the same way i did, and then, he said "thank you."
i can't recall the exact sentence, but it's something like this.
i've never used "the present perfect tense" with "when" when i refer to the future.
i started to wonder whether the present perfect tense works well with all the conjunctions, when, after, before, and until when you refer to the future.
i'll help you after my children leave.
i'll help you when my children leave.
i'll help you before my children leave.
i'll help you until my children leave.
i'll help you after my children have gone out.
i'll help you before my children have to go out.
i'll help you until my children have left.
after they finish some training to teach children english, they are assigned to each school.
we have to support the new teacher who works in our area.
who told him such a thing?
i majored in english...
i have studied abroad before...
i have been learning english conversation since last october...
i have forgotten a lot of english words because i haven't used english for a long time!!!!
however, i have just decided to think positively.
why, yes!
what did i study abroad for??
what have i been learning english for??
how do we decide the seating arrangement?"
"well, mari will take the middle seat of this row, as today is her day, right?"
"then, ken takes a seat right to mari."
"and, kana will sit in front of mari on the next row."
"and you, saori will sit diagonally left of mari."
there are two rows of 3 chairs with a table in between the two rows.
"then, ken, takes the seat to mari's right."
how hard is it?
i'm worried about studying abroad in september because of these character traits...
robots can also help seniors who live alone feel less isolated by providing companionship.
when i talk with people who only try to stick to rules, i would like to tell them that i want to talk about how to solve the problem that we are facing now.
i think that rules exist in order to protect people.
i know we should follow rules, but if the rules only restrict our actions, i think that these are just useless.
when i talk to people who try to stick to the rules, i would like to tell them that i want to talk about how to solve the problems we are facing to now.
i started running like 3 months ago.
in the beginning, it was so hard for us because our bodies weren't prepared yet.
i ran like 500 meters and i felt very tired, with no air in my lungs and my legs in pain.
now, we run around 5 kilometers per day, we're used to running every other day.
in my case, running helped me a lot.
before start to run i got tired really fast doing anything.
now i'm feeling better, and i can feel the difference. i feel the advantages related to practice.
however, in the 19th century, katakana wasn't used as much as nowadays in japan.
therefore, they expressed foreign countries' names in kanji characters back then.
there's a lot of pollen in the air today, so my nose feels itchy.
a question about tolstoy and dostoevsky philosophies is how to determine which life view is closer to yours.
also, if you want to know more about somebody, this question will help.
these two giant russian classical writers have such polarizing life views.
that's why they are always opposited to each others.
he didn't explore the depths of the soul of his characters as dostoevsky did, but he focused on the finding of the meaning of life, faith and ethics.
tolstoy was interested in the question about god and he thought that a particle of god is in every person.
however, dostoevsky was a great psychologist and he focused on the edges of human nature.
dostoevsky, similar to tolstoy, was interested in the finding of god.
his characters discovered god through suffering, being on the edge of a nervous breakdown, hysteria or madness.
i think that i'm partial to tolstoy, because i find him more respectful and humane.
are you in the tolstoy or dostoevsky party?
asking the question about tolstoy or dostoevsky is a way to determine which life view is closer to your own.
also, if you want to know more about somebody, asking this question is a good way to find out.
these two giant classical russian writers have such polarised life views.
that's why they are always considered opposite to each other.
tolstoy is a brilliant master of everyday life.
he didn't explore the depths of the soul of his characters as dostoevsky did, but he focused on finding the meaning of life, faith and ethics.
tolstoy was interested in the question about god and he thought that a particle of god is in everyone.
dostoevsky was interested in the finding of god, as was tolstoy.
i think that i'm in the tolstoy party, because i find him more hearted? and humane.
also, during the seven days during the equinox holidays, japanese people family grave sites.
many other curiosi personality quirksare also linked to his experience in los alamos.
he loved to break into military safes, where the plans for the atomic bomb were contained, in order to show that the security measures taken were far from adequate in protecting the bomb from the wrong hands.
even the military censors, who screened the correspondence of every individual on base, had their hands full in dealing with feynman.
at 5:30 am on july 16, 1945, the trinity nuclear test was held.
it seems difficult to believe that feynman was rejected by the us army because he was considered "mentally deficient" and that, at the same time, at the age of only 25, he contributed to one of the most demanding military projects of all time, "harnessing" nuclear energy.
on the other hand, it is also strange to think that he risked not being admitted to a doctorate in princeton because his grades were anything but excellent in english literature and general culture.
it is difficult to believe that feynman was rejected by the us army because he was considered "psychically deficient" and that, at the same time, at the age of only 25, he contributed to one of the most demanding military projects of all time, "harnessing" nuclear energy.
he loved to break into military safes, where the plans for the atomic bomb were stored, to show that the existing security measures were far from adequate to keep the bomb out of the wrong hands.
then, after about a minute and a half, you suddenly hear a tremendous roar like thunder."
she says that she was hardly able to speak english when she met her husband in harajuku.
one is a familiar piece, "peter and the wolf".
i am always fascinated by the music composed with the right rhythm, melody, harmony, and with the right tones!
the record came with a picture book and he liked the story.
he wanted to play this piece when he was in the university orchestra, but his request was rejected.
prokofiev is popular also in america, partly because he left russia, and after around a two-month stay in japan, defected to america.
one player is really excited, saying his several decade-long dream has come true.
the narration at our concert is supposed to be performed by an ordinary person, who won this important role at the fund-raising auction for the orchestra operation.
those qualities, i believe, are essential for an artist.
and it's also good for me loving his music..., and sharing those qualities!
is there anyone who has ever tried invisalign after becoming an adult?
i doubt if it works because it looks like it is just a normal mouthpiece.
the reason why i am considering it is because people in the us are more concerned with straight teeth.
because japanese people pay little attention to it, i have left it as it is until now...i have left my teeth as they are until now because japanese people pay little attention to it.
"and you will stay here until i come back" he said right before pushing me onto my bed with his left palm, turning around, walking and violently closing the door behind him.
i still heard the slam echo through my room a few minutes later, even after he had left the house.
my body was trembling, and tears falling from my eyes as i felt a cold shiver traveling along my spine and i heard the rain splatter behind me on the window.
shortly after, i heard a door open, and my father's cursing fading in as he shut it close.
brutally honest, just like that.
while i have unremedied fatigue in spite of getting enough sleep, stiff shoulders and back due to holding the same posture for long hours, i always realize my aging.
it always comes with pain, hurting somewhere.
a qualification exam.
these are all simple things to do.
we often use the phrase when we recommend someone do something, but we are not sure they will be happy to do so.
however cold and windy it is, i never feel cold on the parts the down jacket covers.
i sometimes enjoy drinking alcohol.
actually, i'm not a very skilled person so i need to make an effort.
there is a diligent person in my class who is my opponent.
i want to get the highest toeic score in my class.
there is a diligent person in my class who is my rival.
the result was bad because the my score decreased.
i was very shocked.
i usually don't have enough time to answer all of the question on the test.
listening was relatively easier than reading, therefore i was studying for the reading part thoroughly this week.
i thought i should change how to study.
i'm always thinking of my study method.
i want to create something more efficient to improve my english dramatically.
i can't satisfied with my score spot far.
i need more than 900 points to apply for a job.
it will be seven years tomorrow since the devastating earthquake hit japan.
first, i will express my sympathy for the victims and their family.
fortunately, none of my family were hurt and they are fine now.
they can't predict exactly when it will occur, but they say it definitely will occur.
i often keep early hours; i read the newspaper in the morning slowly.
however, because i had stay up late last night, i had no time to read it this morning.
there were a lot of things that i had to carry, so i decided to go not by air but ship.
i often keep early hours, and read the morning newspaper slowly.
however, because i stayed up late last night, i had no time to read it this morning.
japanese people tend to change their attitudes or what they say based on who they talk with, so you need to know their social status.
i had a lot of luggage, so i decided to go, not by air, but by ship.
higashine city in japan, where i live, is famous for its cherry production.
my city welcomes a lot of tourists from not only outside the prefecture but also all over the country during that season.
you can pick cherries from a tree and eat them on the spot.
when we own it, we can't understand it completely.
however when we are able to understand it,
yesterday, i drank with friends of mine in shinjuku.
foods and drinks were a bit expensive, but i think it's a good bar overall.
they would like to see shangshan, the giant panda baby, in ueno-zoo.
until last month viewers had to apply for lottery, but now anyone can see him in order of arrival.
a former ocarina member in a unique university for elderly people in nagoya sometimes sends me mails.
he is 81 years old and still in good shape.
could anyone tell me the differences in nuance between the words slaver, slobber, drool, dribble, drivel and salivate, in relation to the meaning of secreting saliva, if any?
i always listened to the client's story carefully and i thought about what they wanted and what they needed.
i explained it in an easy to understand manner according to the customer's level and always kept in mind careful customer service.
i would like to work as a housekeeper at the sakura hotel, making full use of my communication skills and customer service experience in both the call centre and travel industries.
i am interested in a job in housekeeping at sakura hotel, where i would be able to use my communication skills and experience of working in customer service at a call centre as well as in the travel industry.
these words encourage and stimulate me to do better work.
last week i wanted to turn on the air conditioner, but i couldn't find the remote control.
and i remember that it seemed that there was a smart remote control function on my phone and i never used it.
so i tried to connect to the air conditioner with my phone and it really worked.
maybe in the near future, we will be able to use our phones to control every home appliance.
do you make up those sentences by yourself or are you using some online translator?
what's the weather like in your city?
it's sunny here, like the summer has already come.
it's a beautiful sentence.
it can be used to encourage someone who is caught up in adversity.
is it kind of a rule here that sentences like that are being shared in this group every day?
maybe it is because i did not get enough sleep last night.
maybe it's because i'm tired.
that's why i want to play tennis next sunday.
she has had cosmetic surgery again and again, so i didn't recognize her.
i remember that we were talking about something, but i couldn't understand what she said.
i thought that she was angry that i couldn't understand her.
she still gets angry with me even though it happened a long time ago.
what a stupid womanshe is!
entering his cottage, he shouted, "prepare a feast tonight! we will be rich forever!
all we have to do is make three wishes!"
thousands of plans came to her mind.
but realizing the importance of the wishes, she thought they should sleep on it.
by drinking wine."
the greatest showman
it is a biographical movie based on the life of p.t. barnum.
.
he built the foundation of show business with acts like the circus and live touring.
the movie was filled with songs and dances, because it was made by people famous in broadway..
i was satisfied the first time.
it's so amazing that i'll watch it again next sunday.
he was angry because though he had made wishes for years none of them had come true.
one day, while he was speaking ill of gods for his unfortunate life, jupiter, the king of the gods, appeared before him.
it was difficult to picture the man's terror.
and he said that he would give up his dream if the god didn't strike him with the thunderbolt.
i do not mean to hurt you.
i promise to realize three of your wishes.
your fortune depends on them, so think carefully before you make your wishes."
then the god returned to heaven.
he became angrier and almost wished she was dead.
instead, he said, "a curse on all sausages,
this wish was heard at once in heaven and the sausage was brought down.
she used to be beautiful but this ornament stained her beauty.
hanging over face, it interfered whenever she spoke.
this was so pleasing to him that he did not regret making the wish.
but then he thought about his queen her unhappiness.
she would be seated on the throne with a link of sausage over her face.
she would fail to get the gold and diamonds she had dreamed of, but she would be herself again.
he made his final wish to return his wife to her original state.
when winter ends and spring comes closer, three days out of a week are cold days and the other four days are warm.
in that season, the temperature difference is larger, so we need to be careful not to catch a cold.
it must be one of those three days.
i hope that spring comes soon.
i arrived at my first destination safely!
i will help with brewing starting tomorrow.
i will be in charge of cooking at my place of residence.
i'd like to cook kishimen that i brought as a souvenir for the time being.
i will introduce myself at the winery tomorrow, so i want to practice it.
my heart throbs.
nice to meet you.
i come from the place called nagano prefecture, japan.
i experienced making wine five times in japan.
i'm really looking forward to it.
today when i was walking, i saw the following scene:
a man was drawing a picture on the pavement with chalk.
he was drawing a famous chinese singer, but at first i couldn't tell what he was drawing.
beside him sat a girl who was eating fries.
they were both wearing sloppy clothes.
in front of them was a plastic box, in which there was money that people had thrown in.
i'm not sure if this is considered to be "begging", but i always like seeing how people work attentively on their art.
i threw two yuan into the box.
i threw two yuan in the box two.
hey, i've just finished playing "doki-doki literature club" if you know what it is.
but there is a girl in the game window, sitting on the desk and watching me.
she is talking about interesting things and she's not going to stop.
but you have no choice other than quitting the game.
so should i quit now or keep reading her mumbling for the eternity?
i didn't go outside today because it was cold and very windy.
actually, i wanted to go outside.
i always cook, but my father cooked for dinner tonight.
he went shopping and he bought his favorite things.
he helped me.
it was rainy and cold all day yesterday, but it was sunny and hot today.
i hope tomorrow won't be as cold as yesterday.
it was rainy and cold all day yesterday, even though it was sunny and hot today.
i don't want tomorrow to be as cold as yesterday.
stay up late every night.
i'm thinking i have to go to bed earlier but i have a lot of things that i want to do during the night.
i'm doing the washing and studying every night.
i know i'm spending much time writing these short sentences but it's difficult for me to make sentences quickly.
ehrlich gesagt hat meine currywurst sehr gut geschmeckt, aber es war von den aromen her eine mischung zwischen vietnam und deutschland.
my life in the uk: how to speak japanese well
i'm not professional japanese teacher for foreigners, but i will give you some kind of tips through my life experience.
tip-1; find a mentor who has good communication skills.
tip-2; spend time hanging around with people who are especially motivated.
tip-3; learn it, use it and most importantly - enjoy it.
"you are the average of the 5 people you spend the most time with".
i like this quote because it works everything in life you are having or trying to achieve something.
if you spend time with people who are very motivated or very good at something, you will became more motivated and they will naturally pull you up to their level.
i just came back from a party which was held by our customers and was not free.
and it was extremely boring.
there was no pretty girl and i had to listen to 30-year-olds complaining about their lives.
and don't get me started with the food.
it's like the resturant tortured me and then charged me 50 dollars.
fortunately, the beer there was delicious.
last night, i prepared a loaf of bread for breakfast using a bread machine.
i have never failed to bake bread since i started baking them over the past few months.
i found that there was way too much dough, so i took it out and i put the correct amount of ingredients into the machine.
impressions of a kariyushi notebook
the kariyushi notebook i ordered on amazon arrived today.
the picture on the cover is of the 'sagaribana' that blooms in the subtropics.
it is very beautiful.
the notebook is simple and there is lots of space, so it is easy to write my plans down.
the notebook includes information on monorails, buses, hospitals, police stations, events, and attractions in okinawa.
i think that it will be convenient when i go to okinawa, so i want to use it in okinawa as soon as possible.
- the grim reaper comes.
- plagued with this fear, and paralysed.
- rejoice, because no one cares for you.
- the countdown is at an end
- plagued with this fear and paralysed.
- rejoice because no one cares for you.
now their injected death
each family has a lot of traditions, but the most common of them, having dinner or lunch together, is becoming less popular.
more than that, there are a lot of opportunities to eat out, and people actually prefer fast food or to go to a restaurant instead of preparing their own meal.
firstly, people nowadays have a lot of things to do: they often have business trips and so on..
the whole pace of life has increased dramatically and people have to be mobile, they should not have an addiction to home.
secondly, there is a myriad of opportunities to eat out in bars, restaurants, cafes, fast food restaurants and other venues.
i think it happens because of two main reasons: the pace of life and a lot of options to eat out.
i am inclined to believe that this does not have any bad consequences because even if family members spend less time together, they are still a family and have others connections among themselves.
as i think about this, i am very happy today!
is there a red book near her laptop?
there are many butterflies about in the new garden.
there was too much trash on this street yesterday.
we're going to aboard the bus to city at 5:00 a.m.
it was always about naruto's special personality which i loved.
there were many trees above the mountains.
this test is it above your result?
according to our records, you had better results this year.
if you're going to study over there, you have get accustomed to the norms.
if you're going to travel to japan, you have to abide by its norm such as not bothering anybody on the train with loud noises.
she acts like a victim to her boss.
this event will occur in september.
you have to ask for more water.
more victims are being added to the deceased list.
he is added up to boss.
my grandma is a lovely lady. she has short curly hair.
the language she speaks is taiwanese which is commonly spoken by taiwanese people. she can only understand a bit of standard chinese.
she's a good cook, she can make lots of taiwan dishes like soy fish and radish pork soup.
i do enjoy her dishes, however, her legs have become worse now, so she rarely cooks.
i grew up in grandma's home until kindergarten.
i remember when i was little, i was always happy to go to grandma's home. even now i still go to visit her often, we are still close.
it seems to be quite difficult and complicated for me to understand the overall meaning of the passage.
i can search google for the meaning of "survival of the fittest", but "part twisted take on humanity's origins"... i don't know what exactly this phrase means, and was "take on" in the above phrase used as an adjective or a verb phrase???
i had a party with these people all night.
i ate all of this kind of sushi in the restaurant.
i restored the car whole.
on the 4th of may, i took part in a very special sports event.
this year 333 polish cities and a few foreign ones organized the event.
for the first time in history, it was organized in my city.
there was a distance of 1,963 metres and 10 km to choose from.
in the beginning, i hadn't been positive about my participation in the run, but in the end i signed up for the shorter distance.
the event took place in a park where a famous health resort used to have residence.
in the competition office, i collected my start number and a white cotton t-shirt with a face of a soldier printed on it.
the thermometer showed -4 celcius so i hooked on my t-shirt onto my sports blouse.
after a short speech, a group of about 20 runners shot off from the starting line a few minutes after 12:00.
it was a very interesting route.
i was running quite fast for the first kilometer, then i slowed down significantly as i wasn't in good shape after the winter.
for the first time in my life for an organised run, i stopped running and started to march.
there was no electronic time measurements or a list of places, so the pace didn't really matter.
after i broke through the hill i walked a bit, too but i noticed that the finishing line was close, so i continued running although i felt already worn out.
as i crossed the finishing line i got a beautiful, large medal and a bag with some reading material.
i had to sit down as my lungs hurt badly after the run and i had to cough.
after the race, i drank some hot tea, ate pea soup with lots of smoked meat and potatoes, and i gobbled a piece of cake.
in my opinion, it was worth participating in this race.
i enjoyed the run and had a nice sunday.
i wish i could be more good-natured towards it, but i just can't help it, it drives me crazy.
the red one is like a rapist: he's intrusive, forceful, strong, powerful and self-confident.
this is going to be boring, but do you have a choice, poor thing?
i was too weak, too feeble to argue.
if only she was my company, not these two morons...
he shouted at me like he was my master or parent, he blamed me for all the bad things i've done and haven't done yet.
ooh, that was truly terrible, i thought i'd die.
my hands still shake like i'd had a nightmare, but that was much more than a nightmare.
lindsey came, lindsey cried, lindsey tried to encourage me, but it was in vain.
maybe it was when i was in university because it was a totally
different way of studying than in high school or any another place
in my case it was very difficult because in the class
a lot of information was taught but we did not learn all the information
because we had little time to learn and also we were under a lot of pressure because if you lost three too many times in one class your student enrollment was cancelled but finally we passed all the courses with lots of energy and effort.
my free time has decreased since i got married.
and it has decreased more dramatically since children were born.
i don't have enough time to read books or study.
how is the planting outlook this year?
has your planting area been increasing more since last season?
have the amount of exports to japan been increasing?
this is our very first time meeting with an agribusiness company.
#03 an incorrect self-assessment?
now, i write a lot of poems, and not a single novel.
have i assessed myself incorrectly?
hmmmm, maybe my assessment was wrong.
coincidentally, i went to a party in the same dress as my best friend.coincidentally, my friend and i wore the same dress to a party!
in europe, individuals pay personal income tax and enterprises are liable to company tax.
if you are a businessman, you must report your income to the inland revenue.
i forgot to make a declaration, so i will get a fine.
most of my clothes come from my older sister.
most of my friends are in a relationship.
in my field, you should be able to analyse.
i revised only one topic before an exam but i still passed it.
your career inspires me to develop myself.
although i studied in the same way that you did, i failed this exam.
my accountant said that i have such a high income that i cannot avoid taxes.
a high tax burden exists in the whole of europe.
if you cheat on me, this would bring about the end of our relationship.
do you happen to know about pancake day in february? my friend told me that english people eat pancakes on that day.
but recently, some people give up something they really like..
i found lots of ingredients for pancakes at a grocery store and made it.
it was thin like a crape.
what are your favorite sweets in your own country?
recently, i've been on netflix.
i like movies, especially action movies.
the main character is an ex-marine fighter who is good at sniping with a rifle.
recently, i've been into netflix.
it's pretty difficult to change a bad first impression.
i just turned 22 and live in tokyo.
there are also a lot of good ethnic restaurants and good sights for cherry blossoms.
because it's the capital city, you can also enjoy shopping.
what's more, the public translation is so efficient that it's always on time.
well, i'm currently working as a dry cleaner.
in my free time, i like cycling, shopping, surfing the net, watching anime, and things like that.
i also have two brothers.
now they've both moved out, but i still live with my parents.
when i ride along the riverside, i feel free.
oh, i'm rambling.
now, tell me about yourself.
there are also a lot of good ethnic restaurants and good placed to see cherry blossoms.
because it's the capital city, there are lots of places to go shopping.
on top of that, the public transportation is very efficient, so it's always on time.
they have really nice faces and the way they act is so cute.
oh yeah, and i have a sports bike that can go really fast, and i like feeling the wind when i go down a slope.
it's a good way to help refresh my mind.
i need to break this bad habit of drinking while doing something else.
a favorite pastime of mine is browsing wikipedia articles while drinking before bed.
i have been suffering from a runny nose because of hay fever.
i'm going to take a toeic test tomorrow.
my two-year-old daughter has had a high fever since last night.
she has also had a runny nose and a sore throat.
her face is slightly red with fever.
i hope i won't have a fever tomorrow because i'm going to take a toeic test tomorrow!
i am going to practice my english here again!
i heard funny phrases about greediness.
"so, if you fly anywhere one time in the year you don't need five airplanes." "wealth is when "metallica" plays at your birthday party."
and another not about money: "the doctors fought for the man's life for a long time, nevertheless he survived."
i've heard funny phrases about greediness.
"so, if you fly anywhere once a year you don't need five airplanes." "wealth is when "metallica" plays at your birthday party."
and another, not about money: "the doctors fought for the man's life a long time, nevertheless he survived."
i went to daiso.
daiso's products are cheap and they have a good variety.
a soap bar is unsanitary because it is used by the whole family.
she has used a soap since she was born,
so she is accustomed to using a soap bar.
my youngest son is going to graduate from his junior high school next week.
he brought home some works that he made at school.
he brought home some things that he made at school.
he also received a perfect attendance award.
they lived in a gloomy castle. she didn't get along with her mother-in-law, so she visited her brother as soon as she could.
they had a daughter, jeanne of albret who was the last queen of navarre and also the mother of the future king of france, henry the fourth.
there were several dessrets using strawberries that were on sale for a limited time.
if i had had room for dessert in my stomach, i would have eaten it.
the fourteenth of may is "white day".
on that day.
i know many men join long lines at the entrance of cake shops.
i'll also go buy nice chocolates on white day for my wife and daughter.
japanese white day
i know that long lines of men form at the entrance of cake shops.
i'll also go buy nice chocolates that day for my wife and daughter.
i am delighted to have made it through to the second round of graduate student interviews for sichuan university, and to be here to introduce myself to you.
i was born in february 1996 and i will be 22 years old this year.
i am a native of sichuan province; my hometown is yingshan - a beautiful county in nanchong.
i graduated from chongqing's southwest university last year with a major in computer science and technology.
after i graduated, i began working at chongqing cisdi engineering corporation as a c++ programer, so i have some practical project experience.
i am applying for an academic masters in computing, not only because i have a great interest in computer science, but also because i want to make an impact in my professional field.
so i decided to take the national entrance examination for postgraduates.
besides studying, i like to play pingpong and basketball every day,
and i like to watch movies about the second world war.
i don't think i am a talented person, but i am conscientious and diligent, and i am good at studying independently. i can also collaborate with others, and i get along well with my classmates.
and i can expertly program with c++. as for other programming languages like java,php,python etc., i have a basic knowledge.
i can write software with qt library, and i have been learning about machine learning, although what i have learned has only scratched the surface.
i hope i can pass the graduate examinations so i can study these topics further, and make an impact in the field.
whenever i am faced with adversity, i become afraid of it.
it might be an obstacle that i can't overcome, but it might also be trivial.
i usually feel scared about things i have not experienced before.
yes, i'm a chicken.
if only i could change this part of myself.
on the other hand, some people like challenges.
they seem to really enjoy their lives.
i have no idea how i can become like them.
it's difficult for me to know when to use these words properly.
when watching an american tv show, i heard the following sentence:
the scene goes like this:
the main character finds that his daughter has posted videos of her private life on her blog.
would the other words sound strange?
when watching an american tv show, i heard the following line:
the main character discovers that his daughter has posted videos of her private life on her blog.
i finally passed an admission to university where i studied mathematics for 3 years.
i am addicted to the american drama "big bang theory".
my colleague recommended it to me one month ago when i asked her what american drama was the best to learn fresh english.
this drama describes 4 funny scientists' daily life.
especially "sheldon cooper" is an amazing person and i love him.
also, i feel much closer to them because i am an engineer.
besides, this drama gives me the energy to go on with my engineer life.
next winter i want a cool, khaki trench coat.
even though it is expensive, i want it.
today in my mailbox there was a notice that sewer construction would be happening near my apartment.
after she graduated her university, she joined an ict company thinking that a telecommunication company was a better fit for someone like her who was interested in connecting people to each other and bringing the world together.
she thought it was a good fit because the company has a great capacity to build information networks such as vpn and leased line across countries.
and i did my tax returns at the tax office today.
a few days ago, i bought a new pc in an online auction, and it was arrived at my house yesterday.
the pc had a description.
it always read the description for things i buy so that i can avoid purchasing defective products.
i push the button to switch it on over and over again, but it didn't work.
i was almost got angry, but i'm almost 30, and at my age one should control this emotion.
i contacted the owner of pc and said "can i return this pc? i'd like to have a cash refund if possible. i think there is a problem with it - i can't turn it on." then, the owner replied " i'm sorry to say that you can not return it, i wrote in the description that i don't accept any returns." i replied back with a hint of anger " you didn't mention that there was something wrong with the pc in the description. you should have made sure to check if the pc was ok to use before it was put up for auction.
he gave me an apology and said " i'm ok with a cash refund." i said " why didn't you say that earlier? you were just thinking about yourself and trying to get money out of me, weren't you?!" he was obviously an asshole, but i forgave him.
i got a news that the oldest message in a bottle was found on remote australian beach.
it's a fantastic story.
every life has a different feel and a different approach to the way it makes you happy.
for example, they're certain lives that focus on the spiritual much more than the material.
you've really got to figure out what life is best for you based on your own wants.
you shouldn't just consider a life just because it resembles the lives of the wealthy.
because, sometimes, when you force yourself to buy a lot of luxury goods and you can't pay for them, they are not going to make you as happy as you had hoped they would.
so just keep that in mind when it comes to choosing your life.
although we temporarily had much rain last night, it changed to only raining slightly this morning.
then the rain stopped around ten a.m.
the japanese hydrangea has new small buds that have started to break out.
they are willing to wake and start their activity.
they eagerly look forward to spring just as much as we do.
although we had a lot of rain last night, it changed to only a drizzle this morning.
i said we should sell ramen because it was popular, but one of my classmates opposed the idea because it cost too much.
on the other hand, group work sometimes does you harm.
when i was in high school, i helped organize a school festival with my classmates.
group work is generally time-consuming.
i think if you want to make the most of group work, you have to think carefully about whether it's suitable for your situation.
i said we should sell ramen because it was popular, but one of my classmates was opposed to it because it cost too much.
my classmates and i discussed the food we should sell, and we spent too much time on it to offer a great service.
i have more than ## years of professional experience in the ## field, and five years of experience working in ####.
i responded to each maintenance issue and, if necessary, sent a technician or subcontractor.
i possess a strong knowledge of the general functioning of the ####### from these experiences, and also through my private life as my partner worked for the #####. i was involved with a few of the lobbying associations & think tanks.
when i was a freelancer, and during my time at the #####, i developed a strong knowledge of ### data privacy laws and cybersecurity.
by selling, developing and implementing software for my customers as a freelancer, i gained expertise in identifying the needs of customers. i also trained staff in how to use the software and general it tools, and taught practice physical security and security awareness.
additionally, my experience handling sensitive information has given me an appropriate sense of discretion.
i am a perfectionist by nature, and have developed strengths in customer service and customer relations.
being both an employee and an entrepreneur taught me how to multitask, and quickly adapt myself to new challenges.
i have family living in ######, therefore moving to ##### will not be a problem.
during those years, most of the tv quiz shows were about asking and answering questions.
contestants with the most right answers got the most money
at the end of this game, everybody, regardless of whether they were contestants, the audience or presenters, ended up stained with whichever had been used for the occasion.
every friday evening, people gathered in front of their tv sets to watch the tv programme they loved the most.
the secret of this quiz show was that, unlike what happens nowadays, in this tv programme presenters did not laugh at contestants but with them.
or return home empty-handed.
the competitors who were able to win several programmes became recognised by people in the streets, the unknown artists performing in the quiz show became famous and the presenters, who were already well-known, became celebrities.
this quiz show is the perfect example of how a tv programme can become the most watched without any need to resort to making fun of politicians, people from other countries or gays.
the more questions contestants answered correctly, the more money they won.
at the end of this game, everybody, regardless of whether they were contestants, audience members or presenters, ended up stained with whatever had been used for the occasion.
the winners took part in the last round in which they could win either one million pesetas, a car, an apartment by the sea, or a huge pumpkin.
the others returned home empty-handed.
every friday evening, people gathered in front of their tv sets ready to watch the tv programme they loved the most.
the competitors who were able to win several programmes became recognised by people in the streets, the unknown artists performing on the quiz show became famous, and the presenters, who were already well-known, became celebrities.
the secret of this quiz show was that, unlike what happens nowadays, on this programme presenters did not laugh at contestants but with them.
this quiz show is the perfect example of how a tv programme can become the most watched without having to resort to making fun of politicians, people from other countries and gays.
it could be watched by children and adults alike.
although this quiz show is no longer on the air, i highly recommend you look for it on the internet.
back in the 1970s, there only two channels in spain, and they could not be seen throughout the day.
it goes without saying that tv sets were still in black and white.
the more right answers contestants gave, the more money they won.
instead of only asking questions to the competitors, he also started testing their abilities and skillfulness in a funny way.
the competitors who were able to win several programmes became recognised in the streets, the unknown artists performing in the quiz show became famous and the presenters, who were already well-known, became celebrities.
women's day is a memorial day to celebrate the women's rights movement for gender equality.
but in china today, it has been changed to "queens' day" or "goddesses' day".
have been advocating for women consumers to buy their goods.
so on that day, almost everyone's phone will be bombarded by annoying advert messages.
what does a tv series need to impress me in someway?
something that makes you think about a thing or an idea which can impress you.
it can be something based on real facts or maybe just an adventure story, an action one and so on.
besides a great story, when being shot,need to have the appropriate rhythm.
the story needs to be told while changing gears in some points of it.
at the beginning of the film, they use to hit you with some amazing thing, some incredible situation or action that it blows your head right off your body or knocks your socks off, in order to try to entrap or enchant or kidnap your attention or capture your attention or mesmorize you.
but most of the time, after a few episodes the level in the story decrease and you lost interest about it.
if i have to think about a tv series that astonished me in the past and one that could keep the rhythm throughout all episodes i would say breaking bad, lost, oz, six feet under and the even better ones the wire and the sopranos.
what makes a tv series impressive?
the story can be based on fact or it can be pure fiction. tales of action and adventure fit the bill quite nicely for example.
care should be taken when shifting gears so as not to jolt the audience.
a the beginning of the footage, they use to hit you with some amazing thing, some incredible situation or action that it blows your head, ir order to try to engage you with them.
if i had to recall a tv series that astonished me in the past and that kept the rhythm throughout all episodes, i would say breaking bad, lost, oz, six feet under all qualify. better still were the wire and the sopranos.
he's not proposing a complete ban prostitution.
he's not proposing a complete ban of prostitution.
he's not proposing a complete ban on prostitution.
did you see the email i sent you yesterday?
an email yesterday? or you sent me an email yesterday?
oh, i overlooked your email.
my apologies."
"did you read the email i sent you yesterday?"
oh, i must have overlooked your e-mail.
"let's see...
-last year i finished secondary school at pio ix.
are these phrases right?
a huge discount on chocolates sparked a riot in france.
a discount on famous chocolates caused people to storm into the stores and scuffle to get the products.
it was quite unusual for the french to behave badly.
i am always surprised by some people's enthusiasm for certain products.
they do not hesitate to wait in long queues to buy apple's new iphone.
life in the 21st century is better compared to the previous century. to what extent do you agree or disagree?
some people may argue that modern life is better than it was a couple of decades ago, while others think that life has changed dramatically but in a bad way.
i am inclined to believe that modern life is simpler and easier than it was a century ago because we cannot imagine our lives without the consumer goods which we use every day.
more than that, the way of understanding that life was better can be just a psychological feature.
firstly, modern life has introduced a myriad of advances in technology, like the internet, smart gadgets,etc.
using the internet, people can spend less time on everyday activities like getting movie tickets, paying bills and so on.
moreover, through the internet users can communicate, work or search for information very fast.
for instance, students can learn very fast and from home in order to not spend time on travelling.
gadgets or domestic appliances make our lives easier too because people do not need to wash clothes or dishes by hand.
also here are many innovations in medicine.
people can get a very high level of healthcare because technology allows very difficult operations to be carried out.
scientists have proved that people tend to think in this way, and subsequently, future generations will think that our century was better than theirs.
well, maybe it happens because of global problems which affect the whole population and people have to be aware of them.
however, a century ago they were puzzled only by their own concerns.
whereas people argue that earlier life was crowded with big and very important discoveries, i would say that nowadays we can still see many leaps forward, like ways to treat cancer or even space flights.
to sum up, despite people thinking that life was better a century ago, others cannot agree with this opinion for a number of reasons.
i believe that de facto life is really better than it was a couple decades ago because our century combines all the achievements of the past and people will further improve on these things.
i have been practicing everyday in the car.
it takes twenty minutes by car to get to my workplace.
i have also been pretty busy lately.
i feel a little short on practice but i will do my best.
there are three contestants and one is participating from our club.
his speech has a strong impact and he has experience.
i will go to a speech contest tomorrow by train.
i was practicing every day in my car.
it takes twenty minutes by car to my workplace.
i've been pretty busy during this period.
the contestans are three and one participate from our club.
against him, i am a beginner.
i am looking forward to attending the contest in tokyo.
don't you feel strange when the entry you posted on this website is not corrected?
this song is a recent favorite of mine!
however, somehow i feel much better with this warming song.
recently this song is my favorite!
however, somehow i feel much better because of this warming song.
these days i am feeling down because of a new coworker.
at the counter i was in line, looking at the display, thinking about what to order.
then suddenly a middle-aged man moved just behind a customer who was at the counter, a different angle from me.
the woman behind the counter took an order from him, not me.
i could not believe it because she should have known that i was in line.
i got very mad at her. i was so furious inside.
someone might have heard my crying, but i could not stop.
after crying for a few minutes, i got out of the women's room and got on the train.
what should i do to keep calm when i get irritated or furious about such things?
am i in a state of depression?
the alarm of your car went off at 3 a.m. because of the snow.
the kid said that he didn't like la just because the kardashians live there.
the kid said that he didn't like la just because the kardashians live there.
these concubines were the woman who only gives birth to his child "successor" who would become the next general.
when that child became the general, the woman could grasp authority and power in the ooku as the general's mother.
women held a battle full of jealousy for getting that position.
it takes one and half hours from tokyo to fukushima.
i'm now studying english using my mac,
but its battery will run down.
however i knew his twitter account coincidentally from last year and i promised to follow him on twitter.
after following him, some messages started being delivered to my google account and i saw all his tweets.
after a few weeks, i read his message and replied as follows.
i love sunshine! what does dynamesh mean?
it's getting warmer and warmer, day by day in japan, and sakura season is just around the corner!
i expect many tourists to come to japan this season.
i expect many tourists will come to japan during this season.
i have been back at school for a week.
my mental state will be less stressed than the fall semester. or: i will feel less pressure than during the fall semester.
my social media account is still closed, which i mentioned in my last entry.
calling the insurance company.
a couple of days ago, in the morning as i was making coffee in the kitchen, i saw a part of the wall that had four tiles that were about to fall out.
i called the insurance company and reported the issue.
yesterday the insurance company send a technician in order to rectify o fix the problem.
when the technician saw the tiles he said that the problem was that the building moves and deficient paste.
the technician concluded by saying that this problem isn't covered by the insurance company and he added that if the problem had been due to dampness then the insurance company would have covered it.
if someone does something a hundred times, he will surely become good at it.
if he can keep doing it a thousand times, he will master it.
he can easily teach it to others and he has no hesitation before he does it, if only he reviews his mistakes.
i think that reflecting on our mistakes is the best way to improve our abilities.
if someone does one thing one hundred times, they will surely be good at it.
if they continues to do it one thousand times, they will master it.
i captured the following dialog and will put it on here.
have a good day everybody!
you gotta listen to your heart, what does it say?
we are interesting in working with your print studio.
we should to know the differents qualities and products wich you have.
can we receive an order of differents examples of boxes or packaging?
what is the minimum order quantity of a packaging?
thank very much and look forward to hearing from you.
best regards,
the cars hesitated and then started rolling across the parking lot towards the gateway.
the leaves that had been dancing like a whirlwind around the centre of the car park were now moving erratically across the ground, and the wind pelted the surface with the leaves that had been flying up and down above the tree tops, as if somebody had turned off the wind and turned up gravity to maximum level.
i turned around to face the staff sergeant, but he had gone to the car park to look for the bag.
on the first day, we went to daiba, tokyo. my friend bought cosmetics there.
that night, we went to nagano by bus.
fixing a flat tyre.
when i was about ten kilometers into my journey my bicycle had a flat tyre and i had to stop.
the problem was a sharp thorn in the front tyre.
so i had to fix the problem in the middle of the countryside.
first i had to disassemble the the tyre from the rest of the bicycle.
secondly, i had to located the thorn and remove it.
thirdly, i had to cover the area with a patch and stick it on with some special glue.
i waited for a while and had to reassemble the tyre, and finally i pumped up the tyre.
fixing the flat tyre took me about fifteen minutes.
i usually drink coffee at abc cafe.
the coffee i bought today at abc cafe was mmm beans.
i drink coffee at abc cafe.
today's coffee is mmm beans buying at abc cafe.
although i don't know if there will be an opportunity to use spanish in the future, it's fun to study a new language.
my friend often laughs in a creepy way.
his way of laughing almost sounds like hyperventilation.
it seems he doesn't realize that his laugh is crazy.
if he really hyperventilated, i might end up ignoring him.
i felt it had been warm recently.
i'm really looking forward to spring to come.
i felt recently was farm.
however, it was very cold today.
i'm really looking forward to spring coming.
schools in japan have a spring vacation, and it begins in april.
the spring vacation lasts for two weeks.
i am going to go shopping with my friends on march 30th.
we will play for a long time.we'll hang out for a long time.
we change our classroom seats once a month.
we did it this morning.
i was happy to get a seat in the back of classroom.
however one of my friends got one in the front of the classroom.
i want her to take class seriously for the next month there.
could you please correct my sentences?
in japan, there is an old saying "dumplings over flowers."
which do you like better: rice dumplings or cherry blossoms?
my younger sister is 11 years old.
she learns golf from her coach every week.
but she injured her left foot playing basketball the day before yesterday.
there was a in the side of the foot.
so she's on crutches now.
i injured my left index finger playing basketball 3 months ago.
i want to be careful not to get injured in my daily life.
there was a school trip a month ago.
when i came back to my house, i was full of happy feelings.
but i came down with a high fever two days ago.
so i have been absent from school for a week.
it was serious.
last week i forgot my ruler at home and i was shocked, but i remembered that there was a ruler in the box of lost articles in my class.
i used it instead of mine.
i took it by mistake.
'my favorite novel was animated this season' or 'my favorite novel was turned into an anime this season'
what's more, my favorite voice actor appeared in this anime.
the beautifully drawn landscapes fascinated me.
i saw a man on my way to a ramen shop.
he was wearing glasses and his hair was thin.
he was also a little fat.
he ate his ramen happily, and that made me happy too.
it will be long before i become examinee.
while i have the time, i read many books.
i'm going to study for a test i'm taking next year.
these days, my mother and father often have verbal fights
so listening to it, it is not so much as interesting.
it is also interesting that i don't know when they reconcile.
seniors graduated from high school last week.
they will take university entrance exams, and some of them still attend school.
i have to improve myself.
i want to get up early on holidays.
these are my goals of the next fiscal year.
of course i also want to pass the university entrance exams.
the purpose of this new law is to prevent people from breathing in secondhand smoke from cigarettes in public.
i attended the graduation ceremony of my school.
however, i didn't graduate but instead sent off.
i'm guilty of forgetting to write a diary entry yesterday.
i'm supposed to share a few things, like that i started to read the adventures of sherlock holmes.
well, i don't know what to write at this moment.
by the way, thanks, liad, for correcting my entry!
my brother will graduate from junior high school.
he is going to get a room in a dormitory when he starts high school..
i am lonely because i can't really see him.
he would rarely start a conversation with others, although i regarded him as a good guy.
he always helped our japanese class rep hand out worksheets.
the most i ever said to him was "thank you!" i was stunned at his death.
the world baffles most of us, and he was one of those who had had enough of it, and made up his mind to get rid of all his suffering in a hopeless way.
all of my classmates who happened to be in chongqing said goodbye to his body.
i watched a nintendo direct today.
for the first few seconds, i was disappointed because i thought it was another splatoon dlc.
however as i continued to watch it, i realised i was wrong.
the symbol of super smash bros. suddenly appeared, so i was very excited.
i watched nintendo direct today.
i thought that presentation ended, but tthe president said 'well actually we have one more announcement, please take a look at our last video for the day.'
for the ffirst few seconds, i was disappointed, because i thought it was another splatoon dlc.
however i still watched it, and i realized that i was wrong.
i've changed my mind.
i'd like to introduce my favorite band.
there are two reasons i like them.
first, their songs have good lyrics.
i can really relate to them.
second, their songs are fun to listen to because they are upbeat.
i often listen to their songs when i want to.
he is going to high school starting april.
we'll move to a new house because his high school is very far from our current house.
we must finish moving this month.
once i started to read it, i couldn't help but finish reading it.
i regret having to offer my resignation from my current job as an editor for the magazine design & fashion.
i was fortunate two months ago to get the opportunity to work here.
i had been dreaming of being an editor before i realized that what i want to dedicate myself to most is computer programming.
nowadays, more people attend college or university compared to the older generations.
they will spend 4 years or more to gain knowledge, meet a lot of friends, and imagine the future they will have.
there are several reasons why people go to college or university.
first, people want to have a better job, and get a better salary.
in real life, if someone has a college degree, they will have more opportunity than people graduating from high school.
when my grandparents were teenagers, they could have a good job after graduating from high school.
however, today is completely different from the past.
in recent years, as the economy and technology develops, more and more companies require their employees to have special abilities which they can only learn in college or university.
they will have more opportunity to get a better job than others who do not have a college degree.
this truth is if we want to get a job we like, we need attend college or university.
some people did not attend college or university because of several outside reasons,
such as not having enough money to pay tuition.
when these people become rich or other reasons are gone, they will want to get a college degree to prove themselves.
like a friend of my father: he got a college degree in middle age.
this is very hard for him, because he has a regular job in the day, so he only can learn at night.
and just like a normal college student, try to do everything to pass the exams.
and now he is more confident at work.
thirdly, i think the most important reason is that people pursue their individual interests.
especially in the sciences like chemistry, physics, biology, et cetera.
science is very important in our lives.
take chemistry, for example: chemistry is a very difficult subject in science.
but chemistry made our lives much easier..
the reason i chose chemistry as my major is that i like to make new things.
personal interest pushes me to attend university.
people attend college or university for different reasons.
like having a better job, getting a better salary, or just wanting to get a degree.
the most important reason is people pursue their individual interests.
this will promote social development in the future.
based on the above reason, people should attend college or university.
i haven't participated in any opinion polls recently.
i had a final exam last week.
i was given the test back this morning.
my grade is better than my regular grades.
'the survey sounds difficult' or 'doing surveys sounds difficult'
if there is no clearance, replace the clutch pipe and check the bulkhead harness for damage.
where to check
this seems unusual.
please could you check this?
we were going to kobe for three days starting today for leisure, but my daughter caught a cold a few days ago, so we canceled it.
my daughter should have been looking forward to going to anpanman museum, which is her most favorite animation character.
thinking about my mom.
in the past, i didn't think of my mom as a woman.
i didn't care about mom as a woman, but neither did my family.
however, it's too hard for her to keep up with normal daily life.
i think everything is changing so fast that she can't understand.
so she wants me to be a companion for her every move, which i can't because of my job and other things belong to my life.
i always feel guilty about that.
i would appreciate it if you could help me improve my writing skills.
while i think that there is room for improvement with robot pets, i agree with their use.
first, they can be useful in the medical field.
many researchers say they can heal mentally ill children.
second, they are very easy to take care of.
elderly people or parents both of whom are working may have difficulty in caring for living pets.
today, the number of abused or mentally disabled children is increasing, so robot pets can be helpful.
elderly people or families in which both parents work may have difficulty caring for living pets.
for these reasons, i think using robot pets can have a positive impact on our society.
hotels serve diverse guests, so working in housekeeping is a good opportunity for me to meet people from different countries.
i think that understanding other cultures would help me to provide higher satisfaction for hotel guests.
i also think it is important to greet hotel guests with a smile and a friendly hello.
it makes guests feel at home.
i will do my best to ensure each guest's stay is memorable.
this is the expression that i learned in my lessons today.
could you rewrite these phrases?
he is famous director in the english theater industry.
the audience separated love and hate.
it won an oscar last week.
is it organized from the technology of your view?
the rules are strict, so i will do the report again.
the sequence of bomb attacks had virtually destroyed the city.
the cost of the advertisement doesn't match our budget.
thanks to the development of medical technology, the average human lifespan has been expanding.
if you want to master a language, you need to study it comprehensively.
when you make a contract, it's important to make sure it includes comprehensive insurance on products.
what is this line for?
there are a lot of women making a long line.
maybe they are waiting for this store to open.
i read a fun article in chinese, and i'd like to translate it to english.
socrates asked plato to go into a wheat field and pluck the biggest, most golden ear of wheat for him.
the only rules were that he could only pluck one, and he could never turn and go back along his way, only move forward.
plato did what socrates told him but came back without any ears of wheat in his hands.
i kept on going but found nothing bigger.
the rules were the same.
he could only chop down one tree and could never turn back along his way.
it was not too shabby, so i chopped it down unless i miss everything again like last time.
socrates asked plato to pick the most beautiful flower in the field.
he could only pick one and could never turn back along his way.
i insisted on believing the flower in my hand was the most beautiful one.
the only rule was that he could only pluck one and could never go back on his way, only move on.
plato did what socrates told him, but came back without any ears of wheat in his hand.
it was not too shabby, so i chopped it down so as not to come back empty-handed like last time.
i insisted on believing the flower in my hand is the most beautiful one.
plato did what socrates told him, but came back empty handed.
it was not too shabby, so i chopped it down lest i miss every thing like last time again.
plato did what socrates told him, but came back without a single ear of wheat in his hand.
i have been living in an apartment after the wedding.
it is a calm environment with only me and my wife living there.
now, it is easy to live without local communication and no relationships with the neighborhood.
but i decide to think of the future.
in the beginning, when the market hadn't reached saturation,
things were like the more you invest, the more you will gain.
so at that time, two brands, ofo and mobike, arised.
there was a very cruel competition between the two, a little like between uber and didi before.
there were so many various kinds of these that everything that you can't imagine could be found there for you to think of.
i particularly loved to walk around the accessories counters for as long as i was at the fabric market.
unfortunately, it was hard to find something useful there except some basic materials like beads and threads.
however, it seemed that they didn't fit into our works and they even looked more awkward and cheaper with those buttons.
no matter how delicate these accessories produced by machine look, it's interesting that the handmade work always has a stronger visual appeal than industrial products.
that's why we rarely use those ready-made accessories in our work.
once you try to strive for excellence, you will find that excellence is just composed of countless details.
certainly, industrialization can greatly increase productivity, but it would never produce warm products.
no matter how precise the machines may be, they can't express emotions after all.
another characteristic point of boston is that there are seasons.
because i am from japan, i used to have seasons, but i had forgotten about them after i lived in california for a while.
it was always sunny and nice.
now in boston, i already experienced two snow storms in just three month of living here and more than ten snow days.
i definitely have to check with google for temperatures.
i enjoy snowy views in the city and mountains in new hampshire.
i just moved a few days ago, so there are many things that haven't settled down yet.
it seems to take a little while to adapt to a new environment.
yesterday, i found a park just around the corner, and they have many lovely birds in the pond.
i moved in to my new place just a few days ago, so there are many things that haven't settled down yet.
yesterday, i found a park just around the corner-- there's many lovely birds in the pond.
this was a good move.
i've already started taking a liking to this place.
i just moved a few days ago, so i haven't quite gotten settled in yet.
learning a language is like kids who want to play with toys that other children have.
if you have foreign languages that you want to imitate, you will be absorbed in that new toy, and then you will change your life amuse way.
if you have foreign languages that you want to imitate, you will be absorbed in them like a kid with a new toy, and then you will change your life in amusing way.
i believe or have confident that my english makes sense to them, but it's just my thinking.
actually, they sometimes ask me what i said or to repeat certain words.
at times likes that i realize they make a lot of effort to understand my english.
sometimes, even though i explain something in different ways, i can't make them understand, and they say "sorry, i can't understand."
i'm a little sad when that happens, but i convince myself that the issue is too difficult to explain, so it's not because of my poor english.
you would be upset if the analysis wasn't as good as you had expected, but it might be good for you to listen to such analysis to realize the weak points of your english.
since i've been reading many japanese people's english entries on lang-8, somehow i can discover certain tendencies that people have.
there are some people who have never correct the entries of others.
most of them also don't try to with correctors. i do not understand
actually, they've continued making the same mistakes they made several years ago.
of course, i'm sure i make the same mistakes every now and again, so i should be careful about them too.
one of them has posted more than 1,000 entries, but he has never said "thank you" to those that corrector them.
i don't remember the exact number, but it's less than 300.
some kind people correct him once, but he's never showed his appreciation to them, so they never come back to correct his entries.
i don't know when he will realize the problem.
it's not easy to analyze your own english by yourself.
at such times, i realize they make a lot of effort to understand my english.
sometimes, even though i explain something in different ways, i can't make myself understood, and they say "sorry i can't understand."
well, i wonder if any of you really want to get your english analyzed by others.
there are some people who have never correct others' entries.
also, most of them don't try to communicate with correctors.
they just keep clicking star marks.
i don't know when he could realize his own problem.
it's not easy to analyse your own english.
i wonder how my english sounds to my friends.
whilst possessing a certain degree of confidence that my english makes sense to them, one can never be totally sure.
actually, they sometimes ask me what i say or to repeat certain words.
i'm a little sad at such times, but i convince myself that the issue is too difficult to explain, so it's not because of my poor english.
you would be upset if the analysis weren't as good as you expected, but it might be good for you to listen to such analysis to realize the weak points of your english.
since i've read many japanese people's english entries on lang-8, i have the knack of detecting certain tendencies in some people.
most of them don't show even the slightest inclination to communicate with correctors.
they have kept clicking star marks.
for me, it seems that they never check their mistakes even after they have their entries corrected.
actually, they've been making the same mistakes ad nauseam.
of course, i'm sure i repeat the same mistakes from time to time, so i should be mindful too.
one of them has posted more than 1,000 entries, but has never said "thank you" to his correctors.
i don't recollect the exact number, but it's shy of 300.
some kind people having corrected him initially, never help him again due to a chronic lack of appreciation on his behalf.
i think the irony was lost on him!
i should be careful about myself too!!
i'm gonna head to the northern part of osaka tomorrow for the first time in almost six months.
my friend expects me to cook takoyaki at his house party.
to be honest, i don't feel like going there this time for some reason, but i'll be there. so if you're staying around there and have free time, let's meet up while i'm there.
the station closest to me was renovated last month and there are many grocery stores now.
because i work overtime, i often eat take out.
my husband seems to want me to be a good cooker during maternity leave, but i will be more dependent on retort or frozen foods after the child is born.
he already got married and lives in sapporo now, also he has three kids!!
i wanted to tell him this..
he was happy to hear that.
our situation has changed a lot, but i
e-books are becoming more and more popular nowadays.
there are a lot of arguments about which kind of book is the best.
some people think that e-books are the death of paper books, but others think that paper books will never die.
i think that it's obvious that e-books became popular because of their compactness.
you can take it anywhere and it doesn't take up much space in your bag.
instead of a few books, you can take only the one e-book and that's perfect.
however, i've heard that american research has revealed that the reading of e-books has a negative influence on your memory of information because of standard fonts.
i agree with this research, because when you read print book you pay attention to the book's layout design, fonts and the colour of a cover.
also the e-books are less aesthetically pleasing than paper books.
you can't experience the same tactile sense as with a paper book.
for many people, paper books are still the best gift.
i doubt it.
the good books are capable to adorn your home.
when i visit someone i always pay attention to their books, because it can tell many things about the owner.
in my opinion, paper books have more advantages and i think that e-books can't cancel them out.
even if the technology learned to simulate the sensations from a paper book, it would still be completely wrong.
i drink coffee or teaevery morning.
i selected apple tea today.
life with a dog
i've recently come to want a dog as a family member.
my friend's advise makes me hesitant to have a dog.
but i imagine how wonderful life with a dog would be.
my friend who had dogs told me that if i accept a dog into my family, i will have responsibility for it. for example, i would have to take a dog for a walk every morning and evening, spend a lot of money to care for it, and i can't leave a dog home alone because of my travel.
my friend's advice makes me hesitant to get a dog.
this tv show was aired in the 90's when i was a kid.
at that time i could not watch the whole sitcom but i actually liked it. y.
well, i could not watch the whole show because. if i am not mistaken, only the first four seasons were aired in peru.
for example, i never knew that will was about to marry. that happened in the penultimate season, the fifth.
i have read some facts about the series on the internet and i learned that will smith was a rap singer before he performed as a fictionalized version of himself as a teenager in this show.
the fresh prince of bel air
this tv show was aired in the 90s when i was a kid.
i have read some facts about the series on the internet and i found out that will smith was a rap singer before he performed as a fictionalized version of himself as a teenager in this show.
i had assumed that he began to sing after finishing this sitcom.
since i buy a plastic umbrella every time i have a sudden rain, there are a lot of them at home.
nonetheless, every time my wife and i pass in front of an umbrella store, she asks me "don't you have to buy an umbrella?"
this week, i came home earlier than usual.
one of the reasons is that there weren't any emergency cases in my office this week.
then, i took the time at my home to cook.
let's start studying english again.
for a while, i quit writing english in lang-8.
because i have free time these days, i'm starting over studying english.
by using this lang-8 homepage.
i need your help, guys.
the japanese language has imported a lot of vocabulary from very early times.
although words from indo-european languages like portuguese, dutch, german and english flowed into japanese language since around the 16th century, chinese kanji has been the foundation of japanese vocabulary.
i think it's very cool because it primitively denotes the pictures of the objects representing the beauty of simplicity of it.
there are over 2000 kanji characters and some of them were created in japan.
although i'm a middle-aged guy, i haven't gotten married yet, and i don't like being asked about it even though people want to talk about it with me.
i can't and don't want to say anything about an issue with which i don't have any experience..
all i can do is listen.
i realized that cheating is not the only reason people get divorced.
one thing is clear.
my friend hasn't gotten over his depression from losing his wife even though he's been trying to act strong.
although i'm a middle-aged guy, i haven't gotten married so far, and i don't feel like being lectured about this issue even though people just want to talk about it with to me.
i can't and don't want to say anything about the issue because i don't have any experience.
i just realized that cheating is not the only reason people get divorced.
my friend hasn't gotten over his depression from losing his wife even though he has tried to act strong.
when i go to a beauty salon, i always think about what kind of hair style i should get.
in my special box for foreign travel, i came across my old passport.
disorderly pressed stamps may ruin your good memories during your trips overseas.
the problem is that people are likely to depend on the internet to get information.
i have indulged in surfing the net for many hours before.
it had been raining heavily since last night, but it's not raining now.
i didn't have to carry an umbrella today.
i hope it won't rain anymore today because i hate carrying an umbrella.
"i advanced and asked him, " what is your story, bro?"
he said," i have an astonishing story. listen, one day i saw that a poor fisherman had caught a big fish and i liked it a lot.i asked him to give it to me, but he refused saying that he would sell it and buy food for his children.i hit him, and took the fish against his will and left.
"while i was walking carrying the fish, it was still a bit alive and it bit my finger.
my hand was so sore that i couldn't sleep that night. i went to the doctor the next day complaining of the pain.he said that i needed to cut my finger otherwise the pain would spread to the rest of my hand.i did.then my hand was in such pain again that i couldn't rest or sleep.
i went to the doctor and he prescribed amputation of my hand.
i accepted that.
after that the pain returned and i finally cut my arm off."
people asked me for the reason of my amputed arm.
i thought then it was the fault of the fish, so i recounted the story to them.
they said that if i had returned to the fisherman the first time i was in pain and asked for forgiveness, my arm wouldn't have been cut off."go to him and ask him to forgive you before the pain spreads to your whole body," they ordered.
i searched for the fisherman everywhere in the town till i found him, and i knelt down seeking for his forgiveness.
he asked who i was." i said i was the person who took his fish against his will."
i recounted the story to him and showed him my amputated arm. he cried when he saw it and forgave me.
i asked him if he asked god to do something against me when i took the fish.
he said yes he did.he said, "oh, god show me, a week person, your strength.
oh lord show him your strength!"
it has been a great pleasure meeting you all.
thank you for the help you have given me.
let me tell you about a little bit about myself.
i studied english for many years, but only inside japan.
i have never been abroad to study.
i have no experience working with people from other countries.
i studied hard all in order to pass one of the most difficult english exams held in japan, and did it, but after that, i burnt myself out.
i still had some difficulties in speaking english, which discouraged me from learning it anymore and made me feel blue for a long time.
soon this site captivated my heart by the favor of you all, who kindly correct my posts every time.
i am so grateful for your help to have gotten me out of my little depression.
it is thanks to your smiles and help.
thanks you all again.
it has been a great pleasure to meet you.
let me tell you a little bit about myself.
it took me many years to learn english only within this country.
i studied hard in order to just pass one of the most difficult english exams held in japan and made it, but after that, i was burnt out.
i still had some difficulties in speaking english which discouraged me from learning it further and made me feel blue for a long time.
soon this site captivated my heart with all of you who always kindly correct my posts.
this wellspring of kindness brings me much joy.
i am so grateful for your help in getting me out of my slight depression.
hello, i'm back at lang-8.
i have a chance to visit germany this april with my friends but hotel prices are too expensive because of the big btob exhibition, hannover messe.
it's over 500 euro for one night.
i'm trying to book an apartment instead of a hotel. however, i don't know what the difference between a hotel and an apartment is...
i used an execute option of incompatible problem so i installed it as a windows 8 program.
i found that there were big differences from the previous version when i ran it.
i have the day off today, and it's a sunny day!!
i'm still sleepy right now, so i'll go back to bed for a little bit.
i have to watch tv this morning!!
ah, i have a good idea, i'll go to fishing today!!
anyway, i'll go to exciting day today too!!
i talked to an american friend for an hour online.
i was nervous, but my friend is kind.
i'm happy.
.
i am an asshole.
he is a real asshole!
i drove to mito last sunday.
i got stuck in a traffic jam on my way there.
it was because of the plum blossom festival in kairakuen.
then, suddenly, i remembered.
i just drove by.
i could see the plum blossoms from my car since there was a heavy traffic jam.
a: then, why did you go to mito?
b: there was a police alumni association in mito.
actually, i used to work at a police office.
a: where was the meeting held?
b: a hotel nearby mito station.
i encountered a traffic jam on my way there.
that was because the plum blossom festival was held in kairakuen.
when i passed there, i remembered it.
i could see the blooming plums from my car since it was a heavy traffic jam.
b: i had reunion of the police in mito.
actually, i used to work for the police office.
b: at the hotel nearby mito station.
i just watched the eight star wars film, "the last jedi."
i liked this film, to the point that i even forgot about " game of thrones," but still, i am a little disappointed.
i will never like the new characters as much i liked the old ones.or: i'll never like the new characters as much as the ones from the original trilogy.
i just watched "star wars 8".
i liked this film so much that i even forgot about the game of thrones, but i am still disappointed.
i will go to america tomorrow to see the sxsw festival.
with my new conformation
open up my mouth to let it out
may no change, may no feelings
i won't lose one fine day
writing in english should be my habit, even though i'm too lazy.
however, i just realized that english is more important than any other language.
if i want to come back to china to work, english is invaluable.
i'm a little bit upset but still believe everything will become better.
i appreciate it a lot.
when i looked out the window i saw a bucket collecting rain drops in the yard.
yesterday was the last ocarina lesson of the 2017 fiscal year at a unique university for elderly people in nagoya.
the second year students will graduate on march 26th.
after the lesson, i attended the farewell party for the second year students.
i saw that they had different expressions than usual.
when they joined the ocarina club activity two years ago, almost all of them were beginners.
the weather forecast predicts high levels of pollen everyday
many people suffer because there is no silver bullet for this allergy
i hope that medicine will be developed for this disease early.
some japanese people don't want to communicate with foreigners.
perhaps, you have been ignored in train or shop?
in fact, they don't want to communicate with people from other countries.
but, i think foreigners want to communicate more with japanese people, right?
we should create a "language learners" community.
as i've posted a few times, i go jogging for about an hour every weekend.
until this last year, i would jog while listening to music on my ipod shuffle onto which i copied my favorite music.
i selected songs which help me jog comfortably.
several months ago, i bought a portable radio player and started using that while jogging.
since then, i've been jogging while listening to the radio instead of my ipod.
it's enjoyable for me because i can hear the dj talking and encounter songs i've never heard before.
tomorrow, i will introduce a new item.
my wife is planning to buy me high-functioning undershirts as my birthday present.
she said that she heard of the shirts from one of her coworkers who also likes to jog.
he's participated in several marathons before.
i'm looking forward to going jogging with the shirts.
if you like jogging, please post about your favorite equipment.
until last year, i was jogging while listening to music on my ipod shuffle, on which i put my favorite music in advance.
he has participated in marathons several times before.
i have been watching police videos lately on youtube.
cops should protect the people, not harm them.
i understand that dealing with other people is a very tough job but they need to abide by the laws of the state.
sometimes i wonder whether the cops patrolling the streets are looking for some trouble because they get bored driving in their patrol car looking for some action.
for centuries, important parts of education have remained such as reading, writing and maths. with the advent of computers, some people think that computer skills should be made as a fourth skill to be added to the list. to what extent do you agree?
first, i have experience working as a systems engineer and i could acquire computer skills on the job.
secondly, it is more important to nurture creativity.
for centuries, important parts of education have included reading, writing and maths. with the advent of computers, some people think that computer skills should added to this list. to what extent do you agree?
there is a trend to teach computer skills at school.
there are pros and cons to this matter.
personally, i do not believe that computer skills are as important as reading, writing and maths for three reasons.
even if you become computer savvy at an early stage, computers can become totally different things when you are ready to start a job.
in conclusion, i do not believe that computer skills are as important as reading, writing and maths.
does the word "obnoxious" sound too formal, or is it an okay word to use in any context?
i can never guess what are going to be the words that you're going to pick.
i can never guess what are going to be the words that you're going to go for.
a: someone who doesn't drink, smoke, or drink coffee is possibly a psychopath.
a: i can't wait to go to the luna sea concert next month in japan.
b: i've heard that they will check identification thoroughly.
a: someone who doesn't drink, who doesn't smoke, who doesn't drink coffee is possibly a psychopath.
a: hitler was just such a person.
but you shouldn't expect that learning korean will be easy as well.
what do they write on drugstore signs in the us?
i haven't worn a necktie before i come to japan.
because usually we can wear anything we want at work in china.
and then i tried to tie it myself but i couldn't tie a triangle-shaped knot as well as my other coworkers.
every day i take off the necktie without loosening the knot and just tighten it in the morning, so i forgot how to tie a tie.
my teamleader and i talked about neckties today by chance, so i asked him to teach me how to tie a good knot.
as the saying goes, use it or lose it. i decided to tie my own necktie every day in order to really remember it.
i never wore a necktie before i came to japan.
it is just an infinity of "boxes", each of them full of zeros and ones.
it is just an infinity of "boxes", each of them, full of zeroes and ones.
it is just an infinite set of "boxes". each of them is full of zeros and ones.
the movie focuses on the drug wars happening at and around the border between america and mexico and includes some violent and brutal scenes.
although a lot of people just copy it from the internet, it still takes time and applicants have to pass the interview to become a probationary cpc member.
why do people want to join, anyway?
but the party membership means more than just an advantage to get a job, especially for the previous generation, people born in the 40s or 50s.
one day, one of his colleagues was severely injured at work and it was a death sentence to his career, so the leader asked him:
japanese manners
i sent an email yesterday and felt stressed because many japanese people, especially women, care about how you write.
japanese people mind nuance, so when people send messages in sns trouble often happens.
we should talk directly, but this is seen as evidence of aging because people over 50 years old prefer to use the phone.
i sent an email yesterday and felt stressed because many japanese people, especially women, care about the way things are written.
japanese people cherish nuance, so when people send messages on social media trouble often happen.
we should talk to each other directly, but this is old-fashioned because over 50s prefer to use the phone.
i went to the welfare center this morning, because my daughter had a medical test there.
we went to buy bread for lunch after that finished.
my son loves sandwiches. however, he chose a different bread and ate the panini after all.
in my second year at my first school, i was assigned to the international education department and that assignment was the first time i went abroad.
it was at that time that we worked together.
we called our annual reunion "the perth reunion" due to the city where we visited.
a short story that one of them shared impressed me.
he said
"i had spoken with my friend from my home town once a month or once every two months over the phone.
he is taking care of his wife who has a serious illness.
she needs to suppress her symptoms using medication, but as a result she is more lethargic and not very sociable.
you know, any users can call without any fee under our contracts.
at first, i thought that i was helping him, but that was not the case.
since he didn't have anyone to talk to, he couldn't even speak articulately.
however, a while after that, i realized that it was me who was encouraged by the conversations.
i am also one who believes in the power of conversation.
in the second year at my first school, i was assigned to the international education department and i went abroad for my first assignment.
we worked together during that time.
we call our annual reunion "the perth reunion" because perth was the city we visited.
i want to write it here. normally you would combine this sentence with the last sentence. the story impressing you is the reason you want to write about it, so you would say "a short story which one of them shared impressed me, so i want to write about it here."
he told us,
"i talk with my friend in my home town once every month or two by phone.
she needs to treat her symptoms with medication, but as a result she has lost her spontaneous feelings and all of her social functions.
you see, au users can call without any fee under our contracts.
at first, i thought that i was helping him, but that wasn't the case.
since he didn't have anyone to talk with, he couldn't speak articulately.
however, a while after that, i realised that i was the one who was encouraged by our conversations.
good conversations can our lives!"
i am also the one who believes the power of conversation.i believe in the power of conversations.
while we ate and drank, we talked about a lot of things.
she has to take some strong medicine to treat her symptoms, but as a result, she has lost her ability to feel emotions and to function normally on her own.
you see, au users don't have to pay any fees to make calls with our contracts.
good conversations can help improve our lives!"
i also believe conversations have this power.
just a typical chill day
i accidentally fell asleep early last night, because i slept very little the day before.
in the daytime, i sat around and watched tv.
seeing many students studying hard, i thought i had to study hard, too.
i had two 1-on-1 english lessons.
he's an undergrad, and he is planning to go back to the us today, 8th march 2018.
a few days after my lesson, i mailed the teacher and asked him a question.
a friend of mine wrote to me that he and i are indebted to twitter.
i wondered what 'indebted' meant.
soon after, i received a message from him.
phil keaggy
"how can i thank you"
nicki minaj
"can anybody hear me?"
"dog on wheels"
eddie vedder
"you're true"
my project will finish by end of this month.
i have been dedicated my project for 8 years.
and this project will be finished by end of this month with a big achievement.
what role my company would like me to do, what role i should do, what role i can do and what role i would like to do.
lately, everyone in my family has different plan for going out, that makes us difficult to memorize all of them.
today, i downloaded the app called "timetree" and recommended to my family.
it looks easy to share our schedules, i was glad to find this app.
however, i realized that this calendar shows me clearly how often i go out.
i wonder if it's always a good idea to show them everything i do,
lately, everyone in my family has different plans to go out, which makes it difficult to remember all of them.
today, i downloaded the app called "timetree" and recommended it to my family.
it looks like it's easy to share our schedules. i was glad to find this app.
however, i realized that this calendar clearly shows how often i go out myself.
i wonder if it's always good idea to show them everything i do.
it looks easy to share our schedules, i'm glad i found this app.
what we can do to help people with dementia?
my dream is to become a doctor who can treat their patients completely and listen to them in order to understand the situation they are in, such as their families, their occupations, and what they like.
about 30 years ago, people with dementia were said to be stupid, or even inferior to others.
this assumption that dementia was something to be embarrassed about prevented them from seeing doctors earlier.
symptoms which appear in the brains of patients differ from person to person.
damaged cells in their brains make it difficult for them to remember, concentrate, and judge things.
however, in the cause of dementia is not only in their brain cells that matter, it is their personalities, surroundings, and states of mind as well.
when you communicate with them, keep in mind that there must be some "reason" why they act in such a way.
people around them may think they walk around for no reason or just because they have dementia.
try to understand the actual reasons for their behaviors.
sympathize with them and respect them
communicate with a smile
i hope both people with dementia and their family will live happily.
can you write chinese characters beautifully?
the ability to write beautiful characters is valued in japan.
so, many japanese children learn calligraphy to improve their skills.
i am envious of people who can write beautiful characters.
my friend xe wanted to come to my city today, but there was an accident on the road, which resulted in a block.
her bus wasn't able to drop her off for a long time.
even at 6 pm, she couldn't get off the bus.
it takes a total of 2 hours to get from her city to my city.
my friend he wanted to come to my city today, but an accident happened on the road, which resulted in a jam.
her bus didn't depart for a long time.
even at 6 pm the bus didn't depart.
i want to do something big with myself, but what should i do? this question always roams everywhere in my head whenever i am thinking about something.
what i have known. what would i have loved to do? what is my passion? when i receive my answer, the answer is nothing.
question about english syllables
i haven't been studying english that much these days ^^;
in japanese, a syllable usually consists of a vowel and a consonant, so the rhythm of the japanese language is kind of monotone.
i'm sure that when japanese people speak japanese, they unconsciously recognize each syllable.
also, liaisons often happen in english.
i guess knowing where exactly to separate syllables is really only important for linguists.
the important thing when you speak english isn't which sounds each syllable has but how fluently you speak the whole sentence.
what do you think?
i want to sleep well every night.
however, i want to study english, too.
i listen to a voice recorder before sleeping.
i fall asleep immediately.
my voice recorder always makes a sound by itself.
however, i also want to study english.
i fall sleep immediately.
my voice recorder always makes sounds by itself.
when he died, his son john of orleans inherited this county.
if what you were taught became reversed
i read some books which were written by some 80 year old authors.
they experienced that exact same thing.
they were taught by their teachers during the war that the japanese emperor was a god and they must fight against the u.
s. with their lives for him.
however, they were taught by their teachers after the war was over that japanese emperor was just a human and the u.
s. was a friend who would teach us democracy, human rights and freedom.
they say that they clearly remembered that immediately after the war was over, considerable parts of school textbooks used during the war were blackened out with charcoal and their teachers taught them the opposite of what they taught during the war.
they said that they couldn't trust other nations and that they knew the people change instantly from experience.
they worked hard and became a driving force for the economic development of japan.
however, they had an intense experience like that when they were children.
what would you think if what you were taught became reverse?
the pure nature of our mind is covered by the inflicted emotions.
i felt a strange sensation when i looked at a selfie of my dad that he sent me yesterday.
what i felt at that moment is hard to describe.
he looked like a totally different person from the man i know.
first, i could attribute this to the fact that i have rarely gazed at his face, though we lived together for very long time.
therefore, my brain got confused when trying to recognize him as my father, because what i have imagined as his face was much different from his real face.
second, the brain has an innate ability to overlook unnecessary information.
in my case, the information of my father's face was recognized as unnecessary, and slipped from my brain, because i thought i knew his face already and had no need to update the information.
i keep thinking about adding "away," but i have a feeling that i could take it out in the previous sentence.
the robber got beat up in the backyard by the owner of the house where he stole the tv.
the robber got beat up in the backyard of the house where he stole the tv.
as the world becomes technologically advanced, computers are replacing people in more and more jobs.
for instance, several decades ago, people had to stand in a queue in order to buy movie tickets.
however, nowadays in cinemas, we do not find ticket, instead there are a lot of terminals where we can easily buy them.
another example is in banks.
we need no longer go to a branch of a bank in order to do these things and wait until our payment reaches the addressee.
more than that, all transactions are fulfilled by computers, not people as was the case several decades ago.
there are many situations when a client needs help or he cannot understand the interface of a computer and only customer services can help him.
in another example, from the movie "passengers", the whole spaceship is breaking down because of an asteroid and only passengers can fix it because even the very smart computer systems cannot deal with it.
in spite of the fact that computers are quite successful, they cannot fully replace people because they often have problems, work only as programmed and cannot think.
rainy day.today it was a rainy day.orit rained today.
i slept for 12 hours today.
i woke up and ate ramen, then i read the news.
today is international woman's day.
commemorative events and demonstrations were held in korea.
some women have emigrated abroad because of problems with misogyny in korea.
politicians have a backwards attitude when it comes to amending laws on sexual abuse.
i think the #metoo movement could help lead to a change in the laws surrounding sexual abuse in korea.
the european union began exporting around 16 million tons of wheat in 1985, by 1986 its exports fell below australia to 14 million tons of wheat.
surprisingly, from then on exports showed a vertiginous increase. it thus finished the period as the the biggest wheat exporter with 21 million tons.
finally, canada started as the leader of the group with 19 million tons. it then experienced a slight decrease in 1986 with 16 million tons.
in 1988 it reached a high point with 25 million tons of wheat, the highest exports of the period among the group.
however, it has been called as "women's day" since 15 years ago.
on women's day, working women can have an half day off and get gifts from their companies.
diary on march 8
today i finished my homework from our customer.
the customer requested from us a cost reduction.
i think the customer will send me an angry email tomorrow.
i have been getting up between 04:30 and 05:30 this week.
i am preparing for an exam which i must pass in june.
since workers spend most of the day at their work place, bosses should provide an as healthy as possible work environment.
respect is an important quality for a boss to exhibit.
of course the boss can and must draw attention to what should be done, but always with the best manners.
bosses must know that yelling at people or using inappropriate language will not inspire any respect, quite the opposite, it would produce a barrier that would hinder good communication.
another important feature that every boss should have is exemplary conduct, meaning, to set an example with his behavior.
the boss must provide fair conditions such as a good wage and health insurance.
a good boss should strive to create the best conditions for the workers.
employees who feel their needs are taken into account and feel appreciated will perform much better than those who feel their needs are disregarded.
since workers spend most of the day at their work place, bosses should ensure that the work environment is as healthy as possible.
bosses must know that yelling at people or using inappropriate language will not inspire any respect, quite the opposite, it will produce a barrier that would hinder good communication.
when employees see their bosses behaving accordingly with what they demand from their subordinates, it inspires the staff to perform well too.
i made up my mind to stay here for the next few years.
i don't have the courage or vitality to change my current life.
i'm thinking i'd better think positive.
barcelona has a big procession.
while i was having my spanish class, some people on the street in among the procession was shouting for something.
during my spanish class, the people in the demonstration on the street were shouting for something.
i suddenly found that i've never been treated unfairly due to gender in taiwan.
today is the first time i realized that taiwan has good gender equality.
i just finished my final exam this afternoon, but all i have in mind is a bad feeling.
i really need some fresh air, so i went fishing to a place nearby where is a port i haven't gone to in six months.
however, as soon as i had started to cast a fishing rod, a torrential rain bucketed down.
i felt like the weather was predicting the results of my exam.
the stormy weather lasted for hours until midnight, but i kept fishing.
this fish is sometimes thought to be a messenger which tells us that the spring has come.
i finished my final exam this afternoon, but i can't shake this bad feeling i have.
for a change in scenery and fresh air, i went to a nearby fishing port that i have not been to in six months.
however, as soon as i started to cast my fishing rod it began to downpour.
the stormy weather lasted for hours, all the way until midnight, but i kept fishing anyway.
after all, today's game were large rockfish, called 'mebaru' in japan.
however, no sooner had i cast out fishing rod than a torrential rain started.
i felt like the weather was foretelling my exam results.
in the end, today's game was a good-sized rockfishm, called 'mebaru' in japan.
this fish is sometimes thought to be a messenger that tells us that spring is coming.
that's why i felt a little relieved.
take off is in an hour and a half
i do not want to bother anyone as much as possible at my destination.
the first place i will stay is with a japanese couple who make wine.
i am not so close to being honest.
if there is, it would be greatly helpful if a person who helps in the brewing period comes.
the first opportunity to speak english will be to buy a sim card at the local airport.
i could buy a used sim free smartphone for 5000 yen.
i hope i will do well at my destination.
i have a lot of appointments this week, so i'm busy.
it's not only work, but also includes fun things, so i'm excited.
i'm having a great time! i wish i had two bodies.
i'm carefully maintaining my health, because i will ruin it if i come down with an illness.
i'm going to do a gig on saturday.
i hope it will be an exciting gig.
i've been learning english since last year.
every student in my english class sings a song in front of the audience this month.
that song is doreme.
doe, a deer, a female deer.
that will bring us back to doe.
i thought it would be easy to sing, but it's difficult for me.
happiness!
i've finished my coureses.
when i was finished, i ate ice-cream.
but it was very cold.
so i didn't eat ice-cream
i went to the convenience store and bought strawberry milk.
the change was 200 won.
just in time!
but i don't have money.
but today i am happy!
now i'll go to bed
the time is 9.25pm in korea.
about animals
i used to love to go to the zoo, but whenever i go, i feel sorry for the animals in the cages.
so i stopped going.
now i love to watch wild animals on youtube.
i want to observe animals, flowers and rivers like any other natural thing.
the scariest animal to me is human beings.
why will you watch a movie?
why do you watch movies?`
why did you watch the movie?
translation 17
jones, martha's family doctor, told his wife a story about what happened.
"three days ago i cured a patient.
she had a headache and nausea, so i thought about indigestion.
i put her on a strict diet.
she didn't get better, so i wanted to take her to the hospital for a check-up.
this morning, when i arrived to their house, martha was dead.
suddenly, her husband - who incidentaly took care of his wife - came and gave me an envelop with full money.
he asked me to write "heart attack" as reason of death in the death certificate.
the envelop was very fat, so i wrote what he asked me.
did i do it all right?"
i bought a bunch of chrysanthemums for my mother.
i really feel that keeping our human relationship in good condition is quite difficult.
i really feel that human relationships in good condition is quite difficult.
there are too many problems in my workplace.
i feel that some of my co-workers have their own way of doing things?.
i'll be the head of my department next fiscal year.
i really feel that keeping a relationship is quite difficult.
people usually go to college or university in their early 20's.
they will spend 4 years or more to get knowledge, meet a lot of friends, to imagine the future they will have.
compare this to the older generations. in recent years, people increasingly go to university or college.
i think there are several reasons to explain this phenomenon.
first, people want to have a better job, and get a better salary.
back when my grandparents were still teenagers, they could not have a bad job after graduating from high school.
but, as the economy and technology develops, more and more companies need people with special abilities which only can learned in college or university.
if we want to get a job we like, we need to attend college or university to gain knowledge.
second, people want a degree.
just like a friend of my father's, he got a job after graduating from high school.
but when time passed, a voice in his heart start yelling, "i want to have a college degree!"
getting a degree in college is a very hard thing for a middle-age man who has a regular job.
but, my father did it.
and this made my father more confident.
third, people want to promote social development.
some subjects, like chemistry, physical, biology and other sciences are very important in our life.
take chemistry for example, everyday a lot of new thing are synthesized in the world, maybe many of them are useless, but something may change our life many years later.
to gain knowledge about chemistry you need to go to a college or university.
when i synthesize something new, maybe it won't be better than something that already exists, but the practice will make me to be better, and one day, i will synthesize something new and useful.
the shop's hot cakes seem so fluffy.
hi!
do you believe in miracles?
sometimes when you need something or want something too much, in an instant the miracle happens and what you want becomes a reality.
i thought miracles didn't really happen outside of movies, dramas, or dreams.
although i always said to myself, "i hope a miracle happens in my life."
but now i wait for more miracles to happen in my life.
the last thing i need is someone to contact me to check my "cv" i wrote in english and i wanted to make sure it was correct.
please.
sometimes when you really really need something or want something, in an instant the miracle happens and what you want becomes reality.
the last thing i need is someone to contact me to check my "cv" that i wrote in english i just want to be sure if my sentences are correct or not.
since i started living alone again, i thought i'm going to be too lazy to fill the bath every day, but i've been keeping it up.
for me, this is one of my ways to relax.
when i was in the uk and living with some other people in a flat, there was no bath and the quality of the shower was not good.
i've been using this site for many years.
there is no other site like lang-8.
i would like to improve my english skills by writing sentences on this site.
to achieve my goals, i would like to keep writing sentences many times, and have them corrected by a native speaker.
i could not find any other sites like this.
last week, i could load the website but i could not use it properly.
i could not reply immediately to people who commented on my update.
to achieve my goals, i would like to keep writing sentences many times, and to have them corrected by a native speaker.
i prefer reading newspapers to learn about what's going on in the world.
in fact, i've tried reading a few books for enjoyment, to learn something new and to expand my knowledge.
as we all know, reading books leads to improvement in reading skills.
he told me that there was a lady who got a huge nugget of gold in south africa.
when he finished telling me this story, he wanted me to tell him whether or not similar things had happened in japan.
actually, i don't have any lectures tomorrow but maybe i have to go out for a meeting for my club.
these days are a little hard for me because my university has started again.
i can't decide if i will go out or not tomorrow because actually, tomorrow's meeting is a thing that if i go there that's good but if i don't go there that's okay anyway.
i think maybe first i will sleep today and will decide if i go or not when i wake up tomorrow.
i've been stretching before going to bed as a habit since last month.
i have never stuck to anything since i was a child, so i think i am going to try my best to keep on doing this.
it seems definitely beautiful with blue and white, like the greek flag.
it tasted refreshing and rich.
i am writing to inquire about some stem measurements and whether it's possible to conduct them in the next three weeks.
ruhl's scientific group next month again and it's a great deal of interest for me to work with stem because now i have more than 15 morphology investigation samples in which i am engaged.
could you inform me whether it's possible to book my stem time twice next week?
this is a new gadget for translation not requiring access to the internet, but it works for only english, korean and chinese.
i will be able to handle conversation in english pretty well, but i am struggling with italian.
i have planned to study abroad in italy every year, and i wish i could also have that one for my italian.
i guess in the near future, we will have one.
however, this means i won't need to study italian very seriously.
i belong to a volunteer group and i became the leader of this group.
today, i held a meeting and i had to speak in front of other members.
thus, the brief research plan enclosed with this letter to inform you.
as can be seen from the plan, we were thinking of conducting experiments with drug release kinetics, and i would like to clarify whether there is access to high resolution chromotography in your lab to determine the unencapsulated concentration of dexamethasone and calculate the amount of encapsulated drug.
a brief research plan is enclosed in this letter for your information.
as can be seen from the plan, we are thinking of conducting experiments with drug release kinetics, and i would like to clarify whether there is access to high resolution chromotography in your lab to determine the unencapsulated concentration of dexamethasone and calculate the amount of encapsulated drug.
comment: i can understand the original, but would express the idea this way - the windows don't have insulated glazing.
#twinglish
jay chou, the hottest pop singer in chinese-speaking countries, launched his 4th album, "jay chou's bedtime stories" in june, 2016.
one of the songs in this album called "love confession" soon skyrocketed in popularity.
"love confession" is a chinese song that quuckly reached 100 million views on youtube.
lots of amateur singers cover this song so it now has japanese, korean and english versions.
i think a good song doesn't have to be creative or based on fantasy.
any song that strikes a chord with you is a good song.
"on occasion my death, all my assets, all my money and all my belongings will go to my husband, harry bromwell.
my funeral has to be simple and calm.
outside of my family nobody can be me pallbearer.
if i die i ban the dissection of my body."
please share your strange stories with me.
i watched some videos on youtube about conspiracy theories and city legends by a youtuber who is a quarter japanese and american.
he has a great speaking skills and quotes interesting stories from all over the world.
i was impressed by his videos.
now, i am totally into them.
the best story is the cecil hotel incident.
when i was painting at work, i was often asked from clients if i could draw an american style illustration.
so, it is necessary to learn english and study about american digital painting
i often go on trips to hong kong.
i have been studying only cantonese until now.
but now, i have decided to learn english, too.
"have you been taking the medicine that was prescribed last time?"
however, it does not work well."
"let's change the medication, then."
"the hay fever began around 2 weeks ago."
however, it isn't working properly."
"do you still take the medicine that was prescribed last time?"
"change the medicine, then."
don't you dare try to shoot me off.
i'd like to say how you make us stop it.
3, fix the horizontal spacing according to the divided scale
5, set up current parameters, the alarm system will be triggered if the current goes below the set value when the neon is damaged during the bending test
everyone had already heard of the new suit and they were very interested in it.
they were also afraid of admitting that they couldn't see it.
but then, on the street, a small child said, "why is the emperor naked?".
in the end, everyone on the street shouted that the emperor was wearing nothing.
the two swindlers realized that the crime that they had committed was known to everyone, and escaped during the parade.
drinking a cup of coffee with a cheese toast at doutor.
almost of none of the buds have bloomed.
i bought a carnation for my birthday and it also had a bud.
so, i told the bud of the carnation to bloom every day,then it finally bloomed.
hey everyone.
i was working today.
i am a system engineer.
it's my job to develop applications for android.
every day is very busy.
there are many people who hold the idea that mobile phones have some negative aspects.
these days, the number of accidents for which they are responsible has been increasing.
second, looking at your screen for a long time is bad for your eyes.
my sight has gotten worse since i began to use them.
i am concerned about what will become of those who have been using them since they were children?
although mobile phones are very useful, i think the time they are used should be restricted.
i love pens.
actually i have some reason that i love pens.
when my mom and dad were dating, dad gave mom a mechanical pencil.
i still remember when i was young my dad would write things with the fountain pen.
contemporary artists try to make artworks in different ways.
one of these artists who works in an abnormal way is "spazuk".
he is a canadian artist that is known as a fire painter.
every time it rains, it gets warmer and warmer.
it was the second time in the week.
during this time, every time it rains, it gets warmer and warmer.
it was the second time this week.
during this time of year, every time it rains, it gets warmer and warmer.
currently, we are only offering what is known as typical japanese cuisine.
today, more and more international tourists are coming to japan every year, and they might be bored if the variety of food is limited.
secondly, we have to improve our traffic systems.
they may be too tired from being squeezed in the trains to enjoy sightseeing
what international tourists want to experience in japan varies from person to person, but i think the following things will increase enjoyment for all of them.
secondly, we have to improve our transportation system.
many foreigners complain that japanese trains are too crowded.
then i remembered that mh370 has been missing for 4 years!
i still i remember that morning 4 years ago, when i read the news on my mobile phone while lying on my bed.
what's the meaning of "boots-in-the-mud"?
this phrase is in here.
the stained glass of the blue mosque was beautiful and also ceiling painting was great.
the place is lit up during the night.
however, we went there during the day time, so we couldn't see it.
we went to the next place called "basilica cistern."
that palace was located underground, and the inside was very cool.
i went to the turkey at the end of june, so it was very hot and the sunlight was strong.
i was relieved because i was freed from the outside heat.
"well then one more place."
as for my friend, i guess that she wanted to entertain a guest who came from far more.
i followed her because there was no choice but to do so.
i don't know if it's true, but probably, there are as many as it's said.
even though i said, "i'm tired," i was interested.
i bought some souvenirs for my family,
and i looked for something for myself, as the memories of my trip.
when we entered a silver-product shop, i found a small spoon.
this is good.
this is not bulky, and "turkey"is written.
this perfectly fits me!".
after this, if i get a chance to go to another country, a spoon will be a good souvenir.
such spoons are sold everywhere, and they are not so expensive.
when someone goes on a trip, i can ask them.
now, i have 36 spoons, though they are not from 36 countries.
some spoons are from the same country, but from different cities.
my spoons haven't increased recently, but last month my older brother bought one for me when he went on his business trip.
i asked him, "aren't you going on a business trip again?" he said, "i'm sick of it."
he raised his chin with a frown, his gaze asking whether everything was alright.
i read a report written about experiences that a nepalese couple had in japan.
i will share that with you
she gave up getting her doctor's degree while living in japan and thought if only he had moved to europe, she also could have gotten a degree because of the equality of the sexes.
it implies that wives must serve their husband and her family and stay at home.
the idea sometimes annoys  japanese wives and much more foreign wives.
some japanese-specific customs would be obstacles for foreigners when japanese culture is changing to be more international.
i read a report written about the experiences that the nepalese had in japan.
her husband moved to japan to pursue a doctorate.
a accompanied him, and as she also wanted to pursue her doctoral degree in japan, so she discussed it with a professor who taught her husband.
the professor told her that getting a doctorate was very difficult.
if both she and her husband went to graduate school, it would cause trouble for him, so as a wife she ought to support his studies.
she gave up on the idea, thinking that if he had moved to europe, it wouldn't have been an issue because of the equality of the sexes.
it implies that wives must serve their husbands and families and stay at home.
this idea has sometimes annoyed even japanese wives, and foreign wives even more.
some japanese-specific customs will be obstacles for foreigners at a time when japanese society is becoming more international.
i will share the report with you.
the professor told her that getting a doctorate was a very difficult thing to accomplish.
i will share it with you.
her husband moved to japan to get a doctor's degree.
if both she and her husband went to graduate school, she would bother him, so she had to support his study as a wife.
it means that wives must serve their husbands and families and stay home.
i read a report written about experiences that nepalese people have in japan.
she gave up getting her doctorate while living in japan and thought if he had moved to europe, she also could have gotten a degree because of gender equality.
the idea sometimes annoys japanese wives, and even more so foreign wives.
a man who has just been released from prison
in the part i was reading the other day, a miserable man wearing worn-out clothes who looks very miserable has just walked past a church.
even though the man told the priest that he was an ex-prisoner, the priest didn't mind at all.
this is a continuation of my previous english entry.
he had been in prison for 19 years, and he was just released.
hello, i'm dolce.
but he had an vice, he cared about his clothes so much that he would spend most of his money on being well dressed.
surprisingly, he would change his coat every hour!
the great city he ruled was very happy, and a lot of visitors from all over the world would come every day.
the emperor heard about a very beautiful cloth.
they told him that they could make a supreme or superior suit.
they also told him that it had a unique secret, it would be invisible to those who were stupid or not qualified for their positions.
the emperor first had his honest, experienced ministers go to see the cloth because he was a little nervous whether he could see it.
they returned and said to the emperor, "the cloth couldn't have been more beautiful.
he was pleased with ordering the swindlers to make a nice suit.
now i am on the bus to haneda airport.
outside it is raining, unfortunately.
i am worried that my suitcase on the canvas will get wet.
i have just looked it up on the net.
there seems to be a way to cover an ordinary super bag.
is there a sim card for data only?
i am mainly in charge of brewing at the winery.
i have 5 years of wine making experience.
this will be my first experience brewing overseas. i am looking forward to it.
because the sweet niagara was cloudy, i returned it to the tank and refilled it.
i packed it in the winter without the usual cooling process, so i think that tauter stone came out.
what do you use as supplemental acid?
how many years have you aged in barrels?
if you are available, please come to our wineries this autumn.
urban wineries have also been popular recently.
i agree with the statement that daily homework is important for students.
for example, when i was in junior high school, mathematics was one of the most challenging subjects because the theories and formulas were too complex.
tanaka, i was able to understand this subject easily.
he gave his students a few questions as his daily assignments which were highlighted a part of every class.
therefore, these enabled me to be sure of what to do and to grasp both my strengths and my weaknesses on each topic through his feedback.
in the end, i was able to keep up with his classes and received higher scores than in other subjects.
secondly, daily homework enables students to gain specific skills.
yamaguchi, forced his students to do a variety of group assignments every day.
this was heavy burden for me as i especially struggled with short presentations about daily news after discussions with my classmates.
therefore, i was required to prepare for the speeches perfectly for his questions after my performances.
however, although his course was tough, i was able to improve my communication skills.
that is because in order to make great impressions on him and get high scores, i had to consider everything related to public speaking, such as proper gestures, facial expressions and the contents of my speech.
in the end, i was able to learn tips for communicating effectively and made full use of them in admission interviews when applying for universities.
i agree with the statement that it is more important to work quickly and risk making mistakes than to work slowly and make sure everything is correct.
first of all, working quickly while considering the risk allows business to be more efficient.
for example, i own my trading company and decided to start up business in southeast asia ten years ago because of the shrinkage of local market, although it was risky due to little knowledge about foreign business and having few foreign friends.
i seriously examined it after coming back to japan, but i had contacted a local agent at the time.
this was the correct way of doing foreign business because there are countless competitors in the world.
as a matter of fact, some business people inspected the estate the next day.
secondly, working slowly and making sure everything is correct is not a good idea when doing tasks.
for instance, when i was a freshman working as a sales person, i always did assignments quickly although they were not perfect.
that is because overthinking was a waste of time, and i was able to get lots of feedback from my bosses.
when i was required to make a presentation in a board meeting in two weeks, i submitted it after two days, even though i completed only 60% of it.
in the end, i was able to complete the final document on time and to his satisfaction because i had enough time to brush it up.
if i hadn't submitted it until it was complete, i would not have gotten any feedback and that would have yielded a low-level product.
as this example shows, you should not aim for perfection, when doing tasks in business.
in conclusion, i strongly believe that working quickly and risking mistakes in more important than working slowly and making sure that everything is correct because this is the way to obtain success in business and to finish tasking effectively.
i ordered it as soon as i found it on amazon because the introduction said it deals with an issue i have been thinking about for a long time.
however, i was disappointed to find that it was written vertically.
in japan, if books about science or technology are written vertically, they are generally regarded as being for non-professional people.
if you are not familiar with japanese publishing customs, you might be surprised to see that equations are written vertically in the books.
i don't understand why they do this.
it features very obscure baseball topics such as sacrifice, fly or home steal every time.
they really think on how they can do better and practice over and over again.
usually, ordinary people tend to overlook the things the show features, but professional people think of them differently.
they really think about how they can do better and practice over and over again.
i think that's what makes them so successful.
it is cold and rainy today.
i told her we can't go out because it's rainy but she didn't understand.
i wonder, if she were a dog, could she understand what i say?
it is rainy and cold today.
if she was a dog, could she understand what i said.
recently i've been into watching big bang theory, an american sitcom provided by netflix.
i'm pretty sure watching it repeatedly helps me improve my listening skills, so i will keep watching.
it was like any other day in the alice academy and the classes went by without a single problem in the entire campus.
the students of classroom 3-b were talking freely  at and what they were saying could be heard in the hall.
it was study hour for them and since they were in elemental grade, the students of the 3-b classroom only do what they want to do.
despite being in their senior year and the fact that the teachers have taught them for many years, only a few could teach an entire class without interruptions, and forget about keep the classroom organized during the breaks.
the nineteen students were divided according to their group of friends.
you could say that if the class respects someone that would be natsume.
the students of classroom 3-b talked freely without caring that the noise they made could be heard in the hall.
it was study hour for them and since they were in the elementary levels, the students of classroom 3-b could do as they pleased.
the nineteen students were divided into groups of friends.
you could say that if the class respected anyone that would be natsume.
in japan, april is the beginning of the first semester and march is a month of preparation for the new semester.
i have to say goodbye to many surgeons, which makes me feel sad.
i intended to enjoy my day off and wondered what i would do, but this morning my son complained of a headache and sore throat, and he was absent from school.
while i was doing such chores, i felt happy.
i'll introduce you to the coffee beans i drink
women are happy to receive presents and compliments on this day, while men are happy to pay extra attention to their loved ones.
none of them is left without a present or special attention on march 8th.
it is probably difficult for men to congratulate so many close women in one day.
however it is always pleasant to receive gifts and congratulations.
i got a feeling for the pakistani culture.
timkey, the main character, desperately wants her basic rights, but the family, especially, aman wadi, her grandmother who is very orthodox, stands in her way.
i was especially moved when i read the part about her not being able to go to school any further.
i understand the culture is different than what i am accustomed to, however it infuriated me that everyone cowered to the elder mother.
that makes me sad and curious to read further to know if she gets them or not and what happens to her next.
the author has already pulled at my emotions with certain scenes in the story- the reader is pulled  into the story when complex philosophies and religious concepts are discussed between timkey and her cousin, azeem.
i feel like i'm in the room and i feel like i belong there.
it informed me about pakistani culture.
i was especially moved when i read the part about her not being able to go to school any longer.
i understand the culture is different from what i am accustomed to, however it infuriated me that everyone cowered to the elder mother.
i feel i'm in the room and feel like i belong there.
shortly after i read some chapters of the story, i realized that people here in the us take freedom and liberty for granted.
i learned a new word today.
i knew a new word today.
when i first read this word, i imagined a dog with wings.
today i went to china embassy to update my passport.
my passport would have expired this month.
it was very crowded in the embassy.
i booked a reservation via the internet in advance.
so, it was very fast to deal with the formalities.
but,it took a long time as i had to wait for my number.
today, i have a mock exam.
my glance is nervous and this exam give me the creeps!
help, please.
how can i reduce my stress? how would you minimize stress if you were in my position?
my teacher always puts us in an awkward situation.
i want to increase my knowledge...
he lived alone there for four years, and visited home several times per year, but i've never been to his apartment.
i was worried about whether he kept the apartment clean.
the day before his move, i packed a lot of different cleaning supplies in my luggage, took a bullet train for about five hours, and arrived at his apartment.
i was also happy to see him, but his room was really messy.
i know that it tends to get messy during a move, but there was too much dust and dirt!
it looked like he had hardly ever cleaned the apartment.
i asked him why the living room was still so dirty.
he said that he had been cleaning the kitchen and bathroom the entire day, before i arrived here.
those rooms could have been the dirtiest.
that seemed to be his way of showing he cares because it's too tough to clean a sink..
the next day, we finished packing, and the moving company took the boxes.
after that, we swept the empty room again, and left the apartment.
i thought about telling him that keeping things clean is essential for a healthy lifestyle.
a person we know was looking for a family who could let them stay over a night and asked me.
all my family is shy and we aren't talkative either, so i hesitated to do it for a while.
but it sounds fun and will also be a good experience, so we decided to go for it
one of them has been studying japanese for a few years but the other people haven't.
if i get nervous, they will also.
when i homestayed at my host family's house, they were acting just as they were.
i wish we could be more natural with others, but we are usually too polite.
i think i'll prepare some games that we can enjoy together.
if you had a homestay at a japanese house for just a day, what would you expect or how would you like to spend it?
an acquaintance of mine was looking for a family who would let them stay for a night and asked me if we would like to do it.
it sounds like it would be fun and a good experience, so we decided to do it.
i'm excited to have them, but also i'm worrying about how to interact with them.
if i get nervous, they will be, too.
when i homestayed at my host family's house, they were just themselves.
i wish we could be more frank with others, but we are usually too polite.
i envy my friend's ability to easily make friends with foreigners, even though they can't speak each other's language.
an acquaintance was looking for a family who can let them stay overnight and asked me.
all my family is shy and we aren't talkativeeither, so i hesitated to accept for a while.
but it sounds fun and also it will be a good experience, so we decided to accept.
i'm excited to have them but i'm also worrying about how to interact with them.
when i homestayed at my host family's house, they acted just like they normally would.
if you homestayed at japanese house for just a day, what would you expect or how would you like to spend your time?
i think this phrase means someone working like a bee and simply rushing in and out.
however, this phrase appeared in a guardian interview and i cannot find an official explanation for it.
buying second hand
in switzerland, there are different ways to buy such items.
we have second hand shops that are open all year round.
they get a lot of their offer from clearing out flats of elderly persons who died or had to go to a rest home.
in addition, we have street flea markets, mostly from spring to autumn.
another way is a sale organized by volunteers who offer to sell your objects in a given period.
you get your money or your objects back at the end of the selling period.
these sales are useful for finding clothes and sport equipment for children at a reasonable price.
for me, money is...
in my 20's i wanted to stand on my own feet based on earning money by myself.
after marriage, money became my everything because my husband had a huge debt, which i didn't know about before my marriage to him.
after that, i needed money for 'a normal life', which my parents gave me along with liberty.
now, in my 40's, money is something valuable for my elegant senior life.
in the gallery, there is a photograph of one young girl, and the young girl in the photograph attracts people's attention because of her eyes and facial expression.
she does not smile; her face is very serious, but she does not look upset or angry.
and her big, sparkling eyes with her serious face give the impression of penetrating into people's minds.
sometimes, people would think the young girl was telling her story to the audience.
a lively and vivid girl's eyes caught the attention of the audience and the photo interacts and communicates with the audience.
i have a dinner date with my girlfriend today at 6 p.m. she wants to introduce me to her friends, so i will have dinner with her and one of them tonight.
i know what she looks like because i saw pictures of her, but i have never seen her in person, and neither has she.
the system of lang-8 seems to be way more stable than a few days ago.
the system of lang-8 seems to become way more stable than what it was few days ago.
i'm planning to change the side business to main one after making higher money than wages now.
i'm planning to make it my main business after i'm making more money than my current wage.
i usually work as a writer after work.
my mom asked if the kids wanted ice cream, but they already had sweets before i picked them up.
though i dont mind them having sweets because their bodies need sugar for energy.
but too much of it can make them go bunkers.
he spent 6 days there with one of his co-workers.
one day, they went for lunch at the department store near the hotel where they stayed.
when they looked around, they found that all the restaurants were hamburger shops.
this is a true story.
this was about my brother had experienced in america.
he went to america for business.
he spent there for 6 days with one of his co-workers.
one day, they went for lunch at the department store near the hotel they were staying at.
they went up on the third floor.
they looked around and found out that all the restaurants were hamburger shops.
this was a true story.
it has rained heavily every week.
i know now why i don't like people who are working in the network business.
they asked me anything in unnatural way.
we just agreed to play sports and dinner after that.
but they took me in their house and i was surrounded by their fellows.
more importantly, they had never explained to me why i was there.
i think their behavior is really weird. but i guess they don't think they are weird.
i am listening to a conference presentation in english by a japanese person.
it's very poor english.
what are they having over there?
i think the reason there are many badly structured books in japan is that there is no writing training in school.
so, i need to study harder to improve english level.
i'd like to post sentences as many as possible in english.
i wish you are happy all day and become more beautiful in time.
i hope you receive many flowers and gifts and i especially hope single girls will have boyfriends soon.
i give you a sweet congratulation on march 8.
i hope you are happy all day and become more beautiful in time.
sometimes i really am not confident with my broken english.
the last time i met a native, i was barely able to say anything.
he was asking for direction.
i am glad that my friend was there to help.
it is the best to hide under a sturdy table as soon as possible.
turning off
comment: if *speaking* casually this is fine. if *writing* more formally, i recommend this wording - what specific measures should be taken?
safety is the foremost concern during an earthquake so we should immediately take cover and protect our heads when a tremor occurs.
if outdoors, to prevent ourselves from being hurt by falling objects, we should also take cover as fast as possible and stay low until the earthquake is over.
if driving, we should slow the vehicle, then park it beside the road, turn off the engine, and wait for the earthquake to end.
when an earthquake hits, door frames might become deformed making it difficult to exit rooms or buildings.
if not, find a place to hide under as the first priority, then open the door after the earthquake.
i started smoking when i was a college student, at the age of 20.
i began smoking because my friends were smoking.
i quit smoking in the second year after i started working for a trading company.
so i smoked almost for 6 years.
smoking was waste of my money and made me unhealthy, but i failed to quit so many times.
the opportunity of quitting smoking was my ex-boss.
he also wanted to quit smoking.
so we decided to work on giving up smoking together.
setting up the rules of fine and reward, we reported how we were with each other, and it worked so well.
this was the first time i experienced the moment when someone who works with me retires.
and it turns out that i've never worked at the same department where a coworker is about to retire.
it looks so sad no matter who it is.
can i have some advice?
if you friend said that they wanted to be a war photographer in the future what would you say?
i want to tell them to give up their dream but i don't want to nag them.
i think they should consider their dream earnestly.
i disagree with their dream.
i want to tell them that the job is dangerous and that many people will feel sad if you die.
i think they should reconsider.
if they still want to be a war photographer after they reconsider it then i'll encourage them with everything i've got.
it will definitely be fulfilled!
it is certainly a dangerous job with risks, and you may regret your decision.
but i also want you to remember, when that time comes, that your work is wonderful.
you can record the past and you can even change the future.
but you must not give up on your dream because of that.
believe in yourself, and go your own way.
your friend says: "i want to be a war photo journalist in the future."
indeed, war photojournalist is a wonderful occupation.
but war photojournalism is more dangerous than any other thing.
that would make many people sad.
if you die on the battlefield, everyone would be sad.
and your life is the most important of all things, so you must not waste it.
you shoud think again about your dream.
there are many other good jobs, more than we thought.
if you find another dream, please tell me about it.
what would you do if your friend came up and told you this: "i want to be a war photojournalist in the future".
what would your response be?
i would say: "i'm not sure how i feel about that."
my friend thinks that war photojournalism is a wonderful occupation.
my friend feels that this type of occupation can help draw people's attention to the problem of war.
however, war photojournalism is a very dangerous occupation.
the worst case scenario is that you wind up dead.
it would make many people, including me very sad.
therefore, my response to my friend would be this: "i'm sorry. but i cannot support your dream of becoming a war photojournalist. because i don't want to potentially lose my friend.
what a special day, huh?
today is a very special day for every single woman.
you are able to be so different and so similar at the same time.
you are able to be strong and weak simultaneously.
i disagree with them.
you are so beautiful and amazing that you deserve to have such a nice holiday every day of your lives.
i hope you can enjoy this day to the fullest.
she made a decision to jump off of her third-floor apartment after her retirement.
i couldn't understand this exactly.
the following is a statement regarding application to a graduate school in u.
one of my favorite actresses is the now retired american actress, kristy mcnichol.
my favorite film which she acted in was the 1981 film titled, "the night the light went out in georgia", which was translated into "good-by georgia" in japanese.
intriguingly, mark hamill aka "luke skywalker" acted as a local cop.
the movie was filmed around the same time the first series of star wars movies were being made, i suppose.
speaking of star wars, i heard that the new marvel film "black panther" has been more popular than the latest start wars film, "the last jedi" so i think i'm going to watch it this weekend.
and intriguingly, mark hamill aka luke skywalker played a local cop.
today is the 8th of march, women's day in china.
this morning, when i got out the gate of my living community, someone gave me a rose.
that rose freshens my morning even now.
and when i came to the office, someone was talking about days off.
in another company, they might have half a day off.
all the women staff in my company were given one bottle of shampoo yesterday.
kinda like a women's day's present.
now i really get the impulse to learn something new.
a lot of interesting things one can do.
usually twice, sometimes three times.
good morning, my friends.
this may sound crazy, but you should not waste any resources in the post-apocalypse.
do you want to have a job offer from this company?
look at this picture. the trainee is cleaning a toilet with his bare hand.
i disagree for two reasons.
we usually say "it gradually gets warmer after each rain" with each other as a greeting here in march.
the other day i saw a similar accident at a nearby supermarket.
if elderly people feel anxious or scared of driving, our government recommends that they should return their driver's licenses by themselves to the police.
also they can get some kinds of coupons because the government gives them out as one of services.
it's very convenient to drive, but i recommend that my father should give up his driver's license.
also i think it's necessary for elderly people to have them in unconvenient places.
we usually say 'it is repeating that it gets warm after the rain' each other as a greeting here in march.
recently, on tv i have sometimes watched a news report that an elderly person mistakenly steps on the gas pedal instead of the brake and finally crashed into a supermarket.
i found out something about british people.
for example, first of all, they are proud of their own country very much.
i guess they believe that they have lead the world for a long time although they are a small island.
however, now the us is leading the world and china is at the top of asia.
winter is ending, and spring is about to begin.
i've been waiting for this change of seasons to come.
speaking of spring, it signifies an important time for graduating students as they start becoming members of society.
they find their first jobs and have to adjust to society, which is completely different from when they were students.
i remember the first company i joined as a first-time employee.
it was a retail company.
i was in hands-on training for a few weeks with other new employees.
they were faster learners than me, so i was frustrated with myself and wondered why i was so slow at learning these things.
however, things changed once i learned how to overcome it.
i spoke with someone that i looked up to, and they gave me some advice, to always keep these four words in my mind: be 'helpful,' 'quick,' 'friendly,' and 'knowledgeable.'
i've kept that in mind ever since.
a boy held and shook her backpack while she was carrying it, saying to her that she cries so easily.
i made him come and say sorry to her, and asked him why he does such mean things to other kids.
he told me that his mother forced him to dye his hair so he doesn't want to be bullied because his hair is blond now.
i was very sorry to hear what he said and realized i should have considered how he was feeling.
a boy held and shook her backpack while she was carrying it, saying to her that she cried too easily.
i made him come and say sorry to her, and asked him why he does to others what they don't want him to do and why he kicks his friends so easily.
he told me that his mother forced him to have his hair dyed so he doesn't want to be bullied due to the blond hair.
yesterday, my daughter was crying when she came home from school.
a boy grabbed and shook her backpack while she was carrying it, telling her that she cried too easily.
a boy shook her backpack while she was carrying it, saying to her that she cried so easily.
i made him come and apologize to her, and asked him why he does to others what they don't want him to do and why he kicks his friends.
he told me that his mother forced him to have his hair dyed. he said he doesn't want to be bullied because of his blond hair.
even though he begged his mother not to do it, she wouldn't listen to him.
i was very sorry to hear what he said and reflected about not considering how he was feeling.
if you do minor tasks too much, you cannot do your own important job.
i may be very tired these days.
i should probably take a holiday.
exhausting weekend
hello, i'm tak.
i started to live in germany at the beginning of march.
in germany, there is no furniture in my apartment.
so i had to buy all of the furniture that i need.
last weekend, i went to ikea.
i bought two beds, one bunk bed, two cabinets and one kitchen counter.
my car is too small to carry all these items.
so i had to go to ikea four times to bring them home.
i was exhausted.
to make matters worse, the only elevator in my apartment is broken.
i had to take the packages from the underground parking garage to my room that is on the third floor.
the total weight of the items is 250 kg.
it was exhausting.
recently, there have been many rainy days.
it was forecasted that it will rain today as well.
it changes from snow to rain because of the rising temperature.
after finishing today, i'll have a day off tomorrow, so i'm happy.
i'll do my best at work today.
it'll be sunny tomorrow, so where should i go tomorrow?
i want to take pictures, because i can't take pictures these days.
anyway, i'll have fun today too!!
these past three weeks, i've continued watching american movies, itcoms, and tv shows with english subtitles.
it's kind of been making me crazy because suddenly, watching movies, which is my only hobby, has turned into english practice.
i don't regret it because i learned some pronunciation.
i don't know how to say it but thanks to the english_questions channel and my jedi masters i enjoy practicing it.
know what i mean?
over the past three weeks, i've continued watching american movies, sitcoms and tv shows with english subtitles.
it's kind of been making me crazy because suddenly my only hobby, which is watching movies, became a way for me to practice english.
nevertheless, i don't regret it because i realized it has been helping me learn better pronunciation.
i rushed toward a bookshelf i had right beside my bed as the footsteps kept growing louder and louder.
i took my favorite book, tore off it's leather cover and placed it on the tome, completely hiding it's blue color.
i turned towards it, to only find my father's furious gaze hitting me.
"oriel, i asked you, and will not ask you again, where is your mother?" he furiously asked.
i still remember a huge drop of sweat traveling down my forehead, gently tickling my skin.
he swiftly stepped towards me and extended his thick skinned hand toward mine, pulling it up.
i followed the tome with my eyes while as it dropped, and saw how easily he caught it midair.
a while ago he was all over the news, because he was accountable for the greatest leak of secrets in the history of u.
the question i would like to answer is: is he a hero or simply a traitor?
soon after, he landed a job with the c.
but he quit after being suspected of attempting to break into classified files.
a., he first discovered corruption in the government.
intelligence gather, process and distribute information.
revealing this information had a short-term effect, but revealing the how the information was collected went on to have a really harmful effect on the american intelligence for a very long time.
compare the u.s. intelligence agencies to a baker.
if i gave the whole town his famous apple pie for free, he would see a little decline in sales.
but if i put the recipe of his famous apple pie online, this would have a long-lasting effect.
i have to register my photograph to take part in sxsw.
he was only passionate about memoires and those horrible old books, there was nothing to get out of him.
"i would never have imagined that foxglove leaves mixed in a dish could cause death.
mac arthur sent some bulbs to mrs.
toomie who forgot about it, took them for onions and prepared them in a sauce.
"at least, to answer the second part of your question.
the sun broke through the clouds, and a beam of sunlight illuminated the spot where i was standing.
as soon as i opened another window, the tit swiftly flew out.
a beam of sunlight tore through the clouds and illuminated the spot at which i was standing.
no sooner had i opened another window for the tit, and then it swiftly flew out.
i can't understand what is said in the video below around 1:20, could you help me understand the part of the sentence i have marked xxx?
leaving tasks to others
they would rather finish their tasks by themselves than teach others how to handle them because it's faster.
if we can't entrust our tasks to others, we can't do other things because what a single person can do is limited.
in fact, it may be true, but i think these people may lack the ability to grasp what the others can do and can't do.
being afraid of the sick house syndrome of my wife, i arrived home earlier yesterday again.
it was lucky that the chemical condensed into the air wasn't as strong as we had been feared.
however, it was still harmful to her as she got a headache.
i hope that good medication for these diseases will be invented in the near future.
i decided to sell two of my cars, because my company told me to go back to japan permanently after my five-year stay in the us.
i didn't want to waste my precious time negotiating with a lot of dealerships.
i had learned how to sell a car for the highest price possible when i sold my car last time.
after inspecting the cars, the salesperson tried to ask at what price i wanted to sell them.
i told him that kelly tends to give a lower range of evaluations.
when i told him that i was going to carmax tomorrow, he gave me a higher price than i expected.
i went to guam a few years ago, which was the last trip abroad i took.
i went on that trip with my wife and enjoyed it.
however, many people speak japanese in guam and i saw a lot of japanese there. for example, on signboards, on maps and so on.
next time i go to a foreign country, i want to go to one where i can't see japanese anywhere because i could feel that i would be away from japan and surely be in a foreign country.
also, i could check on my english skill there.
i expect that i could experience various fun things there.
i want to go to a country warmer than japan since i become cheerful in a warm climate.
which country do you want to go to?
last week i had a history class for japanese who live in london.
there were severalhistorical items and documents about london on display from the bc era.
we can learn how the city was born and expanded.
i especially liked the london wall.
this was the defensive wall built by the romans in 200 ad.
seeing this wall walking on the street filled me with wonder.
london is an attractive city isn't it?
hey everyone. i'm kazooie.
that occurred for no reason, i have just felt like it.
nobody reads my entries, so it doesn't matter...
i will never give up on it anymore, i swear.
throughout these 5 years, a lot of things happened to me.
i wish car technology would improve so that i could  make my car warm by using a timer.
the coca-cola company announced that they are going to sell canned vodka and soda here in japan.
although it is limited to only japan, for coca-cola known as a soft drink company, selling alcohol drinks is very unusual.
i think they want a new revenue source and chose japan as a testbed market.
this is way too much questioning compared to adults. compared to how adults talk, these are way too many questions. you're asking way more questions than what adults normally ask.
i think the 'question asking' is used as a noun phrase, and there should have been 'something' between 'than' and 'you'.
my friend wrote about dialects
some local languages and dialects become lost, which means the values of that particular culture disappear.
if there are only normal languages the world would be boring.
for getting fit, swimming is a great choice.
recently, i have been studying english by watching it.
but i don't know what the phrase "which brings me to today" means.
can you tell me what it means?
can you give an example using it?
i found the following lines in the lyrics.
so, what should we take away from these lines?
things can change over time.
situations can change over time.
there are people who are producing them and spreading them and people who are willing to use them, but there are also people who are trying to resist the tide.
it will take time, but i think the writer is telling us that we will overcome our problems.
this is what i thought the writer wanted to express in those lines.
what kind of beings do you think we really are?
if your friend said this...
your friend: "i want to be a war photo jounalist in the future."if you friend said, "i want to be a war photo journalist in the future," what would you say?
do you know it will be full of risk?don't you know how risky it is?don't you know it's full of risks?
even so you want to go to the front, i will cut off the relationships with you.even so, if you want to go to the front, we'll no longer be friends
instead, please promise never die.if you promise to never die, i will support your dream.
i was talking with a friend of mine on lang8, and the topic was what cartoons you would recommend.
i was talking with a friend of mine an lang8, and the topic was what cartoons you would recommend.
i was trying to buy the lipstick on sale for a limited time that i had really wanted.
the day after it was released, i went to some shops, but all the lipsticks had been sold out.
i checked on the internet why this had happened.
it said that the item is very popular among a lot of girls in japan right now, and everyone rushed to the shops for it as soon as it was released.
there was a long line in front of the shops before shops opened.
i was trying to buy a lipstick that was on sale for a limited time that i really wanted.
on the day after it was released, i went to some shops.
apparently the item is very popular among a lot of girls in japan right now, and everyone rushed to the shops for it on its release day.
there was a long line in front of the shops before the shops opened.
yesterday i waited a few seconds before i responded when i felt annoyed yesterday.
so i have begun acting according to these kinds of tips.
i will translate a related tip that was e-mailed to me this morning.
one of the most important skills to build good relationships with neighbors is
thinking about consequences before you speak.
you sould help yourself by counting to 10 to help yourself calm down.
if you wait for a moment and think, you could change your attitude and change words for them.
for example, even when you need to tell someone something it might help you that you use gentle words with them.
that's because they would not make you feel irritated.
translation is a useful tip for not worrying.
yesterday i waited seconds before i responding when i felt annoyed yesterday.
so i have done an action according to this kind of tips.
one of the most important skills to build a good relationships with neighbors is
if you often feel regret soon after you say something to someone with any anger and you calm down to know it.
you sould help yourself if you remember a dicsiplin that you wait 10 seconds when you speak.
the secret meeting between catherine de' medici and henry iv took place in the castle of saint-brice during the french wars of religion.
my ex-boyfriend cheated on me and we broke up, i met someone new, but this relationship also ended badly.
i tell everyone that everything is fine, but it is not true.
the truth is that everything is falling from my hands, nothing works and i do not want to do anything.
how to love yourself and get back the desire to live?
my ex-boyfriend cheated on me and we broke up. i met someone new, but this relationship also ended badly.
how to love yourself and get back to life?
for those who don't know me, i'd like to say that thanks to arrotino and some other people, i passed the b1 exam with distinction last year.
attending this course not only opened doors to a new career, but it helped me a lot with the fluency.
i live alone in an old apartment in tokyo.
the place is bit far from downtown and few cars or motorcycles run on the street.
so, it is relatively quiet, and it's a good place to live.
my room is the very one where i sit now, reading a book.
however, it is a bit old, and sometimes there is a grating noise from somewhere in the room.
i've wondered where the noise came from, so i looked around and saw what could be making a grating noise.
i found that a window fits badly, and it could make a grating noise because of the wind.
can i have, like, you know, like, is there, like, i don't know like a sandwich?
can i have the salad?
uh, a salad and a side salad, please?
with a half an avocado?
where's my surf board?
'ey, yo, mom.
you wanna get some pizza over there?
um, yo, tony, can i get the extra cheese, please?
oh, yeah, i am.
- she likes boyish hairstyles.
- don't talk childishly like that.
- he speaks english like a native speaker, but his grammar is terrible.
it's also used to describehearsay.
- the weather report said that a big typhoon is coming.
- it's a very american-style restaurant.
although i'm an adult, i think liked being a teenager more.
i am not happy now.
i watch many movies, but when others ask about which is my favorite, i can't think of any movies in the moment.
the final meeting was finished in 9pm.
my coworker is a creative man. he creates a lot of things with talking.
so, our meeting time will be longer every time.
6 you should think it over before you buy new underwear so that you will have no regrets later on.
7 i finally could understand the meaning of the title of the movie after i watched the movie.
i've been saying that i need a bed, but i've been lazy to go and buy one.
it's not necessary, but my quality of life is going to be better if i have one.
my room is going to be tidy, and i'm sure that i will feel happier.
it's now on my to do list!
i've been telling myself that i need a bed but i've been lazy to buy one.
i don't need it badly but maybe my life will be more comfortable if i have it.
my room will look neat and i know i'll be happier.
i went to see "the great showman" with my mom.
at first, we wanted to see another movie but its running time was not convenient for us.
so we changed our plan.
eventually, it was a good decision because we were so moved!
since then, i've been listening to the songs of "the great showman."
our peak period is going to start soon, and the workplace is strained these days.
i've never experienced the busy season before, but my training officer says, "during the busy season, it's 8 times busier than usual."
i work at a factory with a storefront so even now there is so much work.
i have to do work for both the store and the factory.
we call companies that illegally force their employees to work long hours without paying for overtime, black companies.
right now, we're having a special promotion.
if you bring in three or four items, you'll get 10% off the total.
if you bring in five to six items, it's 15% off, and if more than seven items, 20% off.
clothes stuffed with down will be 50% off until may.
do you have any promotion tickets?
there's another good complimentary service, where we store your laundry for half a year.
our storage facility is shielded from light and has 24-hour ventilation.
we'll give you a phone call when the return date is closer.
winter clothes take up a lot of space, don't they?
i work at a factory with a storefront so even now there a lot of work.
i have to do work in both the store and the factory.
that's what we call companies that illegally force their employees to work long hours without paying for overtime.
if you bring in three or four items, you'll get 10% off the total price.
clothes with down stuffing will be 50% off until may.
here, i'll put them in a plastic bag.
our storage facility blocks out all light and has 24-hour ventilation.
i work at a factory with a storefront, so there's already a lot of work.
i don't think my company is a "black company".
that's what we call companies that illegally force their employees to work long hours without paying them overtime.
we have a special promotion on now.
we'll give you a call when the return date is approaching.
or rather we have a lack of determination and we don't have a strong enough will to insist and resist different issues in life that take us astray and make us lose our concentration or focus.
actually, i am that person - i don't follow any special diets so much as i try to avoid certain things.
it seems like it's best for me to eat these things in reduced quantities.
my only coworker, who is consistently gentle, recently told me that one or two employees would join our work team in the near future.
more naturally - it was welcome news since i currently work only with just one man.
the new members can help us when we feel worried and annoyed.
i made improved myself today by reading some articles about interpersonal relationships.
since it's getting warmer, i want to visit some art museums to get inspiration for my art.
i saw an advertisement for kyoto national museum and there seems to be a very interesting art show there.
i had a drinking party with ex-coworkers.
i met them after a long time.
they changed a little, but they were mostly the same.
i should consciously change myself more.
recently i have been going on one-day business trips to the kansai region two or three times a week.
the kansai region lies in the southern-central region of japan's main island.
however, i reckon that the traveling time is too long.
it takes more than six hours to get to the kansai branch and back.
the point is that i spend a quarter of each day in traveling.
i do not want to waste time so i usually check e-mails and prepare materials for meetings.
the spread of laptops, smartphones and wi-fi enables us to work at any time and any place with ease.
i know that the shinkansen is a means of transportation and is not a place of work, but i sometimes want to complain about it.
some groups of tourists are chattering and some babies are bawling their heads off.
in addition, each time i call someone i have to go to the end sections near the doors.
i hope that a maglev train becomes operational as soon as possible because it can dramatically shorten traveling time.
i heard it is approximately two times faster than the shinkansen.
she had hardly gone to bed before she quickly fell asleep.
after this game,ajax trail psv by 10 points.
it's mean that it becomes harder for ajax to win the eredivisie.
although there are 8 games left this season, i wont give up.
hello everyone
i have a two sisters and parents but my father lives in a separate house.
i am fond of language learning, textbook shopping, transformers, sonic the hedgehog, batman, and parkour.
i want to be a translator in the future, so thank you for reading my post.
real name, bruce wayne.
when he was young, he had lost his parents due to a criminal.
two important people taken from bruce.
he decided to completely eradicate crime, and thus he became the batman.
i started learning english two years ago. i think my english has improved.
however, my english is still not good enough.
according to some report, in order to speak english as well as native english speakers, we need to practice one million hours.
this incident has a positive influence on ric's life because he realized he no longer wants to postpone anything in his life.
this incident helps him to review his life values and change his life.
the major turning point in my life happened a few years ago before christmas
i worked as a designer in a newspaper and the chief editor asked me to work overtime on a big project.
i worked overtime and i was pissed off about this situation, but after the first day of working on this project i was hit by a car.
instead of working i was in a hospital with a concussion
this incident taught me never to do what i really don't want to do, because it will not benefit me anyway.
this incident had a positive influence on ric's life because he realised he no longer wanted to postpone anything in his life.
this incident helped him to review his life values and change his life.
he understood that he regretted wasting his time on arguing about things which don't matter with people who do matter.
the major turning point in my life happened a few years ago before christmas.
i worked as a designer in a newspaper and the chief editor asked me to work overtime on a big project.
i refused her, because i really didn't want to spend my free time on a project which wasn't interesting to me.
after her persuasions i had to do this project.
this incident taught me never to do what i really didnt want to do, because it will not be a benefit for me anyway.
after lunch, i have a computer class at ten o'clock.
in the afternoon, i have literature at four o'clock.
i haven't posted for a few days because the lang-8 system didn't work well from saturday up until yesterday.
while it didn't work, as i wrote in my last entry, i expected that the administration was preparing for opening lang-8 to new members, but unfortunately, it seems that the system was only down.
by the way, has anyone found evidence or posts where the lang-8 administration announced the system being down?
when it started working abnormally, i checked their twitter and facebook, but i couldn't find any comments about it from them.
now, it's working well, but if i were a member of the administration, i would apologize to the members that they had to go through such a difficult time.
i'm sure premium members experienced the same situation, so at least, the administration should do it for premium members.
i guess the administration worked hard to fix the problem, but they should say something to members.
i don't understand why the owner of such a language site doesn't want to try to communicate with members using words.
since i've been using lang-8 for 8 years and similar things have happened many times, i've gotten used to their attitude, but i still want to tell them that it's important to let members know what's going on when such things happen.
lang-8 started working normally!
by the way, has someone found that the lang-8 administration announced about this system down?
while it didn't work, as i wrote in my last entry, i expected that the administration was preparing for opening lang-8 for new members, but unfortunately, it seems that the system was only down.
actually, wednesday will be over within an hour.
yesterday, there seemed to be some improvement, although the site remained slow.
today, the site is much snappier.
during that time, as i wrote in my last entry, i was under the impression that lang-8's developers were preparing to re-open the site to new members; but unfortunately, it seems that it was only an outage.
by the way, did anyone find updates or tweets from lang-8's administrators regarding this outage?
when the site first started having troubles, i checked their sns, but i couldn't find any updates.
now the site is back up to working condition, but if i were an employee of of lang-8, inc., i would apologize to all the site's members for having to deal with the outage.
i'm sure premium members had the same experience, so there should be an apology to the premium members at least.
i suppose that lang-8's developers worked hard to fix the problem, but would it have killed them to update the members?
this is a language learning site, and we are learning languages in order to improve our communication skills.
i don't understand why the owners of such a language site aren't doing that very thing--communicating.
i've been using lang-8 for eight years and this is not an isolated occurrence. i've gotten used to their attitude, but i still want to tell them that it's important to keep members informed when such troubles occur.
now, lang-8 is working well, so i hope everybody enjoys using lang-8!!
does "as" in the following sentence mean "while"?
or something else?
the woman will get her money as a legal fight over releasing her identity plays out in court.
we'll miss you so much.
he was supposed to be here a hour ago.
we will miss you so much.
he was supposed to be here an hour ago.
romero's masterpiece movie "dawn of the dead" was filmed back in 1978 in collaboration with the italian filmmaker dario argento.
, a lot has changed since then, but a lot seems to still remain the same.
my recent condition
i've been absent for a while.
actually, i was a little depressed.
i'd stayed at home for about a couple of months during winter.
my contract work finished last december and the new work is going to start this may.
so i'll be free until may.
because i'm married and my husband earns for us, i don't need to be worried about our household budget.
i've been doing housework every day and sometimes i've been shopping.
i hope someone could correct these sentences above.
reading harry potter
i bought a book called "harry potter and the sorcerer's stone" and i'm going to start reading it.
i saw the movie yesterday r so i remember the story.
a:
a:
a few days ago i had to go to an official government building to file some papers.
it was mandatory to show it to the government worker.
in that moment i thought maybe it could be at home or somewhere else.
when i came back home i began to search the entire house for two days but i couldn't find it.
then i thought about going to the police station to get a copy.
first i had to book an appointment on a government website.
when i filled out the form to set the appointment a warning message appeared on the screen telling me that i couldn't get make an appointment and i had to go to the police station in person to solve the problem.
luckily this morning i went to the police station and i discovered that i had lost my id somewhere and somebody had sent it there.
i saved a lot of time and money too.
that made my day a happy one.
he and i are mainly only speak japanese, however, i would like him to earn the knowledge of english language at least.
however, we cannot really expect our education.
that's because japanese english teaching style is considered as the worst all over the world, but it cannot be changed at once.
my niece has learned a lot of things at her elementary school over the past four years.
today, she suddenly told us about science while we were having dinner in the house.
at first, i was confused about what she said because i thought that the two things were the same.
she kept explaining that when vapor gets cooled by air, it changes to steam.
it's been almost a month since i started the "squat challenge".
the squat challenge is a 30 day workout program.
on the first day, you start with 50 squats, and add 5 more every day. you take a day off after every three days of squatting to rest your muscle.
this means you do 250 squats on the last day.
i just do 200 times of squats every day now though, because i've lost count!
lol i also skip the resting part because i don't really have muscle pain.
slowly but surely, i'm noticing small changes in my body!
on top of that, i've lost a little weight!
for women in important positions such as teachers, there are many women planning to become pregnant, but i have never heard anything about apologizing to the workplace or receiving instructions.
if i become pregnant, what kind of a work environment wouldn't say"congratulations"?
it seems that there is also a trade-off between nursery school officials and child care leave due to a lack of workers, but this is the reality of japan, which has a serious birthrate problem.
many women in important positions such as teaching plan to become pregnant, but i have never heard of anyone apologizing to their workplace or receiving instructions.
if i got pregnant, what would a work environment that doesn't congratulate me be like?
it's " darkest hour" it's about the story of british prime minister winston churchill who saved us from the horrible war.
he was an important key figure during world war ii.
i imagine that it was the most horrible period in world history.
a british actor gary oldman offered him to work with him.
mr. tsuji and his colleagues won an oscar for best make up, hairstyling in this film.
my friend xe wants to come to my city to find a job teaching chinese in a school.
normally schools seek teachers who have lots of experience, but xe has not graduated yet.
i believe that my dance moves are right.
was the dance for this song choreographed by my teacher ryu-ichi?
chocolate cakes are made from egg and chocolate and other ingredients.
by the way, this movie shows my teacher!
he's the black-haired slim man wearing a suit.
section: passivity 1 & 2
the chocolate cakes were made from the egg, the chocolate and more.
by the way, this movie features my teacher!
he is wearing a suit and is a black-haired slim man.
the chocolate cakes were made from the egg, the chocolate and other ingredients.
i need to write something to practice my thinking.
i will write every day to improve till reading and writing become easy for me.
today is my first day, i'll back tomorrow!
grammar exercise 11 - tax havens
why can't you treat them the same way?
international companies have great lawyers so they are able to avoid taxes.
every employee is liable for being taxed because he earns money.
he hid our money from the company.
the chairman doesn't want to pay taxes so he doesn't want to raise revenue from his company.
he is trying to reduce earnings to reduce the tax burden.
it isn't possible because the company generated a high income.
he should accurately report the revenue.
if he evades his taxes, he will go to prison.
this law exists in many countries.
he is trying to find a loophole in a law.
this can bring about the end of his company.
this is a willingness on the part of associates to pay tax fairly.
important components of the production masterpiese are music, respectively, an orchestra and a conductor, and also an all-star cast.
the artistic staff and technical personnel are the playwright, who writes plays; the scriptwriter, who writes a script; the dramatury, who interprets the play; the producer, who has general controlof the money for the play; and the casting director.
who is in charge of finding actors.
to become an actor a person must have such qualities as talent, creativity, physical fitness, and liveliness.
she is absent from work because of her children.
she wrote the wrong address.
i got a phone call from the delivery person.
today, oh my goodness, i got out of the house for the first time in a week.
after having a cold, i need to take it easy for a while not to relapse.
after having a cold, i need to take it easy for a while so i don't get sick again.
what a long time i had a cold!
i watched the movie the beguiled today.
i watched a trailer and the movie looked interesting.
i expected too much.
it is written in red letters "women going mad" on the poster,
this trailer is made very well and has a good advertising skill.
by the way, i watched kirsten dunst for the first time in a long time in the movie.
she is very beautiful or ugly in each work, 'isn't she?.
unfortunately, this time it was the latter.
today i went to the post office to send a broken umbrella to the repair shop.
when i returne to my house,
i couldn't find my wallet in my bag.
luckily, the post officer called me to let me know that he had my wallet.
he checked my driver's license which was in my wallet, and called me.
it was a relief to find my wallet.
so i'm grateful to the officer to for his kindness.
and when i returned to my house
my name is fernando, 22, from brazil.
what do you think about?
what is the most annoying thing about people from la?
it's a slow accent?
they-they sound like- kind of like a dog with peanut butter on the roof of--on the roof of their mouth i think.
umm, italian i heard is great.
but using the japanese calendar sometimes causes a little trouble.
the present emperor abdicates at the end of april 2019, so 'heisei' is also going to end at that time.
so, the date 'heisei 33' will not exist on the calendar.
i think that there is a trend towards delicious foods that are bad for the body.
for example fast food, instant noodles, and convenience store food.
i crave those things once in a while, however, i don't want to gain weight.
i want to continue to maintain my body if i can.
i think that delicious foods tend to be worse for the body.
i crave for those thing once in a while, however i don't want to get weight.
mitochondria is an important organelle which produces the energy substance, atp.
interestingly, mitochondria is only inherited from the mother.
therefore, all human beings share the same type of mitochondria that comes from one woman who used to live on the african continent a very long time ago.
the payment is free until the fifth time.
it will cost 113 yen if you take over five times.
thank you, honey, for years of support and tolerance, for every single night when i had to go out and work, for every date to which i arrived late, and for every mess that you helped me fix even though you didn't have to. you are the best award i could ever receive, and for everything i've accomplished, i owe the success to you.
is an optimist's life is always happy? can an optimist definitely become happy?
i am not depressed, but i sometimes think whether there is a person who always has all the luck.
i know the man who looked like a lucky guy, but he has been in trouble.
is an optimist's life always happy, or otherwise always resulting in happy outcomes?
i am not depressed, but sometimes i think whether or not there are people out there who are constantly lucky.
i knew someone who i believed to have a lot of good luck, but he is facing many troubles now.
listening to that music style is making you get better at singing.
i like to cut off people when they're talking because that's the right thing to do.
the guy in the black camaro cut you off on the highway and almost made you lose control of your car.
it's kind of stupid of you to think that someone gives a shit about what you're saying.
what should i do until they come?
we have a drinking session.
does this sound natural?
i mostly wear leather shoes rather than sneakers because when i'm working i usually wear a suit as i need to have a neat appearance.
if you see a person wearing a worn out pair of shoes, it gives you the impression that they are sloppy or a really busy sales person.
on the other hand, if you see someone wearing brand name shoes that cost a fortune, you know the person has plenty of money to splash around and is kind of a show off.
i just have few shoes for different uses or occasions such as leather work shoes, running shoes and walking boots.
translation 16
she picked up the ball and ran away.
she didn't look at the frog.
the royal family was sitting behind the table in the dining room when somebody knocked at the door.
-little princess, open the door.
i am here, your friend, the frog.
the princess got frightened and told her father the story of what had happened in the garden that morning.
the old king said: your promise has to be kept.
go and let the frog enter.
the frog came into the palace, jumped onto the table, ate from the princess's plate and drank from her glass.
the frog lay down on the bed, too.
the princess was crying but she didn't want to do it.
the princess closed her eyes and went to the animal with disgust.
in the moment when she kissed the frog it became a beautiful prince.
they fell in love with each other, got married and they are still living if they haven't died.
the princess got frightened and told the story her father what happened in the garden that morning.
at the moment when she kissed the frog it became a beautiful prince.
sometimes i wonder if he has no common sense.
today is the 100th anniversary of my company.ortoday is my company's 100th anniversary.
by the way, the oldest company in japan is a construction company called kongo-gumi, which was established 1,400 years ago.
today is the 100th anniversary of our company's founding.
incidentally, the oldest company in japan is the construction company kongo-gumi, which was established 1,400 years ago.
today is the company's 100th anniversary.
but if she was still firm about her choice, i'd support her.
one, her life is her own.
i think that we can't make choices for her.
i don't want her to regret it if she doesn't do it.
his punctuation of japanese sentences are a mess.
i don't know in what regard, he is criticizing my japanese sentences.
the length of my japanese sentences are normal i think, but i don't know about my english sentences.
i also think sentences should be kept as short as possible so that people can read it easier.
only women and the general were allowed to enter the ooku.
that area was a "women's castle", and there was a strict hierarchy.
ooku allowed entering inside of only women and the general.
only women and the general were allowed to enter the ooku.
where should the commas go?
and do i need to use "which" before "cooked by the best chef in asia" or not?
however, in these new year holidays, on the anna's great party, our foreign guest, in a beautiful small new red haute couture silk dress, had already wanted to order her new friend, who has a business in moscow, this famous dish, cooked by the best chef in asia, with royal mediterranean mussels, online at the site of the popular london restaurant at lunchtime.
and need i use "which" before "cooked by the best chef in asia" or not?
however, in this great new years party on the anna, our foreign guest, in a beautiful, small, new, red haute couture silk dress, had already wanted to order her new friend, who has a business in moscow, this famous dish, cooked by the best chef in asia, with royal mediterranean mussels online on the site of the popular london restaurant at lunchtime.
id like to able to speak and understand english well, so i've researched how to learn english online.
however, there is too much information about it, so i'm puzzled.
so i realized that the only thing that can make me happy are my dreams at night.
where is the most famous for skiing in the world?
the ski area was closed this season.
it is little bit early than usual season.
i will go skiing at the end of march.
when something bad happens, i tend to mentally link their occurrence to my day-to-day activities.
do 50 squats for good sleep
i gained 3 kg because there are many sweets at work.
my pants are getting tight and my face looks like a balloon.
so, i started doing 50 squats before sleeping.
there are two good things.
okay each person have has their own preferences.
they have a cute look, cute voice, and are attractive for some caucasians.
based on my view esp lately some east asian women also like caucasian men more than east asian men.
there are some facts that we can't avoid, every where many are about plastic surgery.
i think every woman wants to look pretty, they can have a good look with plastic surgery.
i felt sad why would they be mocking at us by the appreance appearance?
they said south east asian women were not attractive, ugly, and flat chest etc.
that thread is a good place to make a discussion but please do not look down at other ethnicities.
tbh i found myself with a lack of confidence when it comes to " beauty ", i know that i'm not pretty, attractice attractive etc.
every girl wants to bepretty and they want have a good looking guy, or maybe get many a lot of attention from guys.
in the end i remember something, that the a pretty face is nothing that lasts forever.
when you die it will disappear, you'll bring nothing in front of god.
i won two preview tickets, so i went to see the movie with my friend last night.
holding my breath, i watched it.
the criminal was an unexpected person.
my 8-year-old son promised to play with his friend in the park after school.
he had been looking forward to playing with his friend for a long time.
he had been waiting in the park for a long time, but his friend did not come.
the next day he asked his friend at school about the reason why he could not come.
a friend answered that he went to another park with another friend.
however, i think my son is all right because i knew he got angry with his friend at the
we would like to live strongly with each other.
my 8-year-old son promised to play with his friend at the park after school.
he was looking forward to play with his friend for such a long time.
my son thought that maybe his friend got some errand so he couldn't come.
the next day he heard from his friend his reason of not showing up.
he said that his friend went to play with another friend.
i think he's going to be fine even if i knew he was mad at his friend.
we have to live life strongly together.
i am going to move to london next month.
i'm really looking forward to living there.
this opportunity will make me grow up.
i made chirashi sushi to celebrate the hinamatsuri event on march 3, japanese girl's day. we wished for happiness of my 3-year-old daughter.
chirashi sushi is a traditional dish for the girl's day and it's very easy to make unlike rolled sushi because you can just put any kinds of your favorite ingredients, such as fish and vegetables over the sushi rice on the dish.
i also displayed a set of hina dolls made by my grandmother in my house and my family had a special dinner together.
q: your friend wants to be a war photojournalist.
i really want you to not become one.
you should become a doctor.
it is safer than being a photojournalist.
i will never forgive you!
if you go to the front line, i will cut off relations with you.
---first, i'd strongly express my opinion, but if even after that she seems determined to become one, i'm sure that her will is firm so i'll let her.
i'd tell him to give up.
how serious are you?
you should give up on being a war photojournalist.
if you do, you will need a lot of courage and money.
i've learned how to use "even if, even though, and even when."
i was confused about them because they sound very similar when japanese people translate them.
would you correct these sentences?
even if i want to go abroad, i don't want to spend much money for it.
even though i wanted to go to lake district, i couldn't go there because i didn't have much money.
even when i wanted to go abroad, i didn't have much money.
today it is raining.
yesterday, i attended my reading club, one member he gave an idea which impressed me, "love your feathers.
i like that member a lot, he always shares a lot of interesting things.
the opposite to happy is not sad, but boring.
i won't ask how life was fifteen days ago, i only want to know what life will be like in 15 days.
after fifteen days, i will start my new job in a new company, in a new industry.
on chinese new year, people go back to their hometowns to gather with their relatives.
it seems like an economic crisis has just happened.
but lately the shops start opening gradually.
but lately the shops have started opening gradually.
but for example, in cases where there is a seal and a signature, is the verb conjugated in the plural form?
the fact is that, since i had taken that subject in the first half of 2017 and only sat for the exam now, in 2018, since i had not "been in contact" with the subject for almost 6 months, i had forgotten some things...
the aforementioned woman was able to sound native 99.99 % of the time but every now and then a very small mistake appeared.
i would say that the most important factor is the willingness to sound like a native.
if you identify with the spanish culture.
if you want to fit in, then it will be easier for you to overcome the psychological barriers to speak like a spanish native speaker.
we must not forget that sounding like a native requires mastering the pronunciation of single words and acquiring the right intonation, the right rhythm.
in certain jobs, for example, sales or telemarketers, the employer will look for a native or a person with a native-like pronunciation in spanish.
so maybe for someone who has learned the language after puberty it is nearly impossible to sound exactly like a native 100% of the time.
the aforementioned woman was able to sound like a native 99.99 % of the time but every now and then a very small mistake appeared.
so it is possible for some people to sound like a spanish native speaker, even if they learned  the language after puberty.
in certain jobs, for example, sales, or telemarketing, the employer will look for a native or a person with a native like pronunciation in spanish.
while reading a book, i came upon the following sentence.
he relishes the particular smell that inhabits those rooms, an order of rot, sweat, dried blood, must, sewage.
i doubt that "order" could be a typo of "odor".
could anyone clarify it for me?
whilst reading a book, i came upon the sentence below.
when i was sleeping in bed last night, i woke up because i felt a chill.
my mother is in the hospital.
my mother is in the hospital because she has developed lung cancer.
she is seventy-two years old.
she isn't feeling pain in her lungs, but her bones hurt terribly.
i have no idea why i can't use "environmental" in sentence no.1.
is the effort required to speak like a native worth it in the end?
nevertheless, there are people who have a good ear or have fallen in love with phonetics, intonation, etc, for those i would encourage them to go as far as they can.
speaking like a spanish native requires mastery of the grammar and the willingness to sound like a native.
in addition, it will be necessary to devote a lot of time to phonetics, intonation etc.
for most spanish students, it is not realistic trying to acquire such a level due to the hours, effort and circumstances necessary to achieve that level.
note: your original wording is a phrase - not a grammatically complete sentence. if speaking casually, it is okay. if writing, i recommend this wording - unless you are an actor, a singer, or a person who is going to work for a company that requires that kind of mastery it is non-essential to have all vestiges of a foreign accent erased.
comment: the correction above is possible, but i prefer to delete all references to "nativism" - which is a matter of physical birth - and focus on proficiency. here is a recommended wording - speaking standard castilian spanish requires not only a mastery of the grammar, but also a willingness to enunciate the sounds favoured in the castile region of spain.
nevertheless, there are people who have a good ear or have fallen in love with phonetics, intonation, etc, and for those i would encourage them to go as far as they can.
for most students of spanish, it is not realistic to try to acquire such a level due to the hours, effort and circumstances necessary to achieve that level.
nevertheless, for most students  acquiring clear pronunciation should be a e desired objective.
is it worth the effort that it takes to speak like a native?
unless you are an actor, a singer, or a person who is going to work for a company that requires that kind of mastery, it isn't necessary.
nevertheless, there are people who have a good ear or have fallen in love with phonetics, intonation, etc., and for those people i would encourage them to go as far as they can.
speaking like a native spanish speaker requires mastery of the grammar and the willingness to sound like a native.
in addition, it will be necessary devoting a lot of time to phonetics, intonation, etc.
nevertheless, acquiring clear pronunciation should be a desired objective for most students.
working on your spanish pronunciation and intonation from the beginning should be a priority so that you do not acquire bad habits that are difficult to get rid of later on.
what would i do if tomorrow were the last day in my life?
it is said that it's important to imagine the last day of your life to make decisions all the time.
how would you want to spend the last day of your life?
have you ever imagined that day?
one day, you're heading to a funeral.
you get a shock because the deceased is you.
it is your funeral.
how are the guests behaving?
i was thinking that there was a hint in this assumption because i could realize how i want to be seen by my family, friends, and coworkers.
to achieve this, i need to treat her with kindness, trust and sometimes strictness.
like this, i was thinking i always had to do everything while thinking of my last day.
i'm starting to change my mind.
it was very delicious and i want to eat it again.
6 you should think over before you buy a new piece of underwear so that you will have no regrets later on.
7 i finally managed to understand the meaning of the title of the movie after i finished watching the movie.
8 if you use this software, you can edit a picture even after you took it.
i usually can't concentrate on studying, and sometimes lose my self-control easily.
in class, i always decide to learn after class rather than follow the teacher.
however, i almost always won't study during the following days.
just a few sentences
he doesn't like being involved in any scandals.
having done her chores, she ate a cake.
she was tired and decided not to do her homework.
while walking the dog, i usually drink coffee.
while brushing her teeth, she often repeats her favorite poem.
on her way home, she usually visits her grandmother who lives nearby.
since 1988, australians have used polymer money.
this kind of money has been implemented on the 200th anniversary of the european residence in this continent.
polymer money became popular very soon, because it was hard and waterproof.
nowadays, you can see australian money with motion pictures.
anyway, the method of australia for publishing this kind of money has been applied by some other countries like new zealand, romania, vietnam and maldives.
that's a good idea for making undamagable money.
i tried inspecting him in pet hospital to find a reason for his loss of appetite and his leg cramps.
the doctor said all test results are normal.
i want find the reason for his pain.
nowadays, modern life has become easier because of advances in technology which have changed our lives dramatically.
however, this causes many problems like addiction to gadgets among children, and consequently, they spend less time outside, with resulting health concerns and other problems.
firstly, there is a multitude of children who have been playing on phones from childhood, which means that now they cannot imagine their life without them.
so, if they have a chance to play outside or stay home, they will choose the second option because children like their phones more than active games.
the reason for this can be that they have not had such experience.
parents can persuade adolescents to go outside if they forbid the use of gadgets for several hours.
as a result, teenagers will like outdoor activities and will use their gadgets less in the future.
secondly, the more adolescents spend their time on computers, the less healthy they are because they have a passive way of life.
for instance, teenagers can let themselves go and even do not notice because they are fully immersed in their gadgets.
finally, a stature? because of bad vision is quite a widespread health scare.
maybe some parents thought that it would pass, but they were wrong because it is not just a period of growing up.
parents have to control the screen time of their children and them how to distribute their time.
for example, there are many tough films and games which can have a bad influence on adolescents.
this problem can be worse if children do not play with peers in active games outside because that would allow them to relax, take a break, and take their minds off such games.
without such activities, this can leads to health problems.
to sum up, as i have written,the use of computers, smart phones, tablets and other gadgets leads to a lack of time outside and severe problems like health concerns, psychological problems and the lack experience of active games with friends.
in order to help these people as fast as possible, parents and doctors have to combine their efforts.
- goalkeepers in soccer can't hold the ball for a long time to gain time.
- my boss was late for a business talk, so i talked about the super ball to gain time with clients, who are big fans of football.
- making money doing what you love is the best.
- my boss was late for a business talk, so i talked about the super bowl to gain time with our clients, who are big fans of football.
- goalkeepers in soccer can't hold the ball for a long time to run out the clock.
this restaurant served us many kinds of delicious fresh-baked bread, and we were able to choose any of them!
she got an upset stomach the next day.
it must be too much of a good thing.
if you keep doing something over and over again,
you will become capable of doing it well.
before i send the source code of the app, could you prepare a draft of the contract with the copyright of the publications committee guidelines?
we will send you the source code of the app after the confirmation of the contract.
before i send the app source code, could you prepare a draft of the contract with the copyright from the publications committee guidelines?
we will send you the app source code after we confirm the contract.
best regards,
i had an interview today.
only when they had come close enough for me to understand the words they were saying, did i brace myself, fly down the stairs and grasp my only chance.
in this moment, the door behind us flew open, and the shadows that were approaching us from the terrace stepped into the light from the car park.
as the staff sergeant answered only by raising his eyebrows, i repeated my question.
i will travel between december and january
i am back here on lang-8 after a long time.
the inter-collegiate will be held in nagoya tomorrow.
our team finished its last practice.
i got a lot of gifts from my teammates.
none of them are too high in their quality!
today is my farewell party at my part-time job.
i'm finally leaving the part-time job that i've had since sophomore year in college. i'm starting a new full-time job in april.
the days went by so fast.
how much have i changed since i started college?
i feel very inferior to others.
i feel very inferior to others, which is how i felt when i started college.
i'm still stupid and not a talented man, but i have to manage somehow.
anyway, i'd like to enjoy today's party and take it easy.
could you explain the following sentences, please?
how are they different from each other?
this study would provide insight into the molecular mechanisms of how rkip inhibits the occurrence and development of gc.
this study could provide insight into the molecular mechanisms of how rkip inhibits the occurrence and development of gc.
this study may provide insight into the molecular mechanisms of how rkip inhibits the occurrence and development of gc.
this study might provide insight into the molecular mechanisms of how rkip inhibits the occurrence and development of gc.
this study should provide insight into the molecular mechanisms of how rkip inhibits the occurrence and development of gc.
this study shall provide insight into the molecular mechanisms of how rkip inhibits the occurrence and development of gc.
this study provides insight into the molecular mechanisms of how rkip inhibits the occurrence and development of gc.
managerial accountants might be generally averse to outsourcing.
managerial accountants could be generally averse to outsourcing.
managerial accountants would be generally averse to outsourcing
managerial accountants should be generally averse to outsourcing
managerial accountants seem to be generally averse to outsourcing
it's not just english vocabulary: my memory is bad in general.
but i think that vocabulary is the most important component in mastering a foreign language.
if you have any tricks, let me know!
my memory is bad not only when it comes to remembering english vocabulary, but with everything in general.
but i think that vocabulary is the most important skill to master when learning foreign languages.
if you know a good method, please let me know!
employees are taxpayers, but employers are tax withholders.
most alcohol prices include an excise tax.
i want to spend my money on travel.
this choice was accidental.
all of us admit that our lives have changed a lot with the advancements of technology, some of people believe that technology has made our life better than before.
others prefer the time before the discovery of technology.
in my opinion, i agree that technology has made our world more comfortable and convenient.
firstly, technology has made our lives more comfortable than in the past.
with the invention of automobiles, you can go to any place in a short time in comparison by using feet or animals.
also, you can visit any country in the world thanks to the invention of airplanes.
on the other hand, electronic devices are very useful instruments.
they offer huge benefits.
there are massive numbers of electronic devices that are considered nice and we have accustomed to use them, like smart phones, computers, hair dryer, iron, heater, etc.
secondly, all what i mentioned above in one hand and the invention of the internet in the other hand.
the internet offers us opportunities that we could have never imagined before.
with the internet, you can download a bunch of books and read them anytime you want and anywhere.
also, via the internet, you can communicate with any person you know or you can make new friends very easily via social media.
you can search for jobs on specialized websites via the internet.
you can go shopping on the internet, you can order delivery foods from many restaurants via the internet.
you can study, entertain, and a lot of things the internet can introduce you to.
a countless number of things.
thanks to the internet, our world become closer than ever before.
in conclusion, there are definite disadvantages for any invention, but in general, technology has created more advantages like those i mentioned above which have made our world a better place to live in and enjoy.
according to the cup, the current proposal for the formation of a new government presented by jxcat and erc purports to respect the spanish legal framework, the one that has never been respected by the spanish government itself.
jxcat and erc announced on monday that they are both working on an agreement to present to the cup as soon as the end of this week.
sources near the negotiations said that they have already modified several points of the initial agreement in an attempt to convince the cup to join them.
people studying english always say you should watch a drama, and their recommendation is the drama called sex and the city.
i tried to watch episode 1 yesterday.
the story is funny and you can learn some natural phrases from the drama.
the population had a 4-fold increase in this 100 hundred-year period.
to begin with, it can be seen that asia has the largest population in both periods of time. however, as the years passed, the percentage of its population decreased: in 1900, asia had 60% of the population, and in 2000 it fell down to 54%.
in 1900 the middle east did not appear within the population records, but in 2000, along with north africa, they registered a population of 6% of the world.
finally, it is interesting to point out that north america maintained its place in the world population across this period of time, having a percentage of inhabitants of 5%.
the pie charts below give information about the world population in 1900 and 2000.
the pie charts show information about the world population in two separated periods of time: 1900 and 2000.
the population had a 4-fold increase during this period of 100 years.
to begin with, it can be seen that asia has the largest population in both periods of time, however, as the years passed the population decreased, in 1900, asia had 60% of the population, and in 2000 it fell down to 54%.
same trend could be found in the european region, whose population decrease across this 100-year period, going from 25% in 1900 to 14% in 2000.
by 1900 the middle east did not appear within the population records, in 2000 along with north africa they registered a population of 6%.
such was the case for the caribbean region, which hadn't come up by 1900, but, in 2000 this region together with latin america registered 8% of the population.
i found a youtube channel with videos full of trash talk.
i already asked you about it on the other post.
although it seems to be a good alternative, it might cause long-term problems.
firstly, the country is the habitat of thousands of different species of animals and plants and said species have several vital functions within our ecosystems.
secondly, it is our job as human beings to figure out the way to solve the problems concerning traffic and housing, mankind should not go everywhere invading landscapes just to meet their needs.
professionals from the architecture and engineering sectors should be able to properly and conveniently design transportation systems as well as households.
it sure is not easy, as the population is growing daily, however, we must tackle the situation and seek the best alternative not only for us as human beings but also for our environment.
garbage day for recycle materials
the garbage sorting system in japan is complicated, and it's slightly different in every city.
on recycling day, we take out newspapers, cardboard, old clothes and fabrics, and glass bottles.
we have to sort glass bottles by color.
i've thought that sorting garbage is a bother since i moved here.
however, i heard that landfills around the world have been getting fuller.
i've changed my thinking.
recycling day
next friday is recycling day.
i've thought that sorting garbage is a bother ever since i moved here.
when i tried to log in, the speed was very slow.
the server seems better today.
this japanese sentence implies that he was expected to win the gold or silver medal.
- we ended without any goals.
we ended up not scoring any goals.
generally most people move in march or april in japan and a lot of moving companies and real estimate companies are busy, so i think i move easily in june.
shopping tired me out.
yesterday i went shopping at a famous shopping mall located a 30-minute drive from my house.
why did i go shopping?
to buy gifts for my girlfriend.
but i am not good at shopping because there are a lot of things i have to consider!
where should i shop?
i wonder if she will be pleased with the present i bought, etc.
does anyone know a good idea to solve this problem?
i am going to the theater on this weekend.
the ticket is just little bit expensive for me, but i would like to see the play at any cost.
i am going to the theater this weekend.
the ticket was just little bit expensive for me, but i want to go no matter how much it costs.
i am going to the theatre this weekend.
the ticket was a bit expensive for me, but i want to see it no matter what.
going to the theater on the weekend
the ticket is a little bit expensive for me, but i'd like to go to  the theater no matter the cost.
a lot of pollen recently covered tokyo.
i'm badly suffering from allergies.
especially the inside of my nose is sore.
i took some medicine last night.
i wish that the pollen will go away soon.
i want to improve my pronunciation.
to be honest, i don't really like the japanese accent.
so, since i began studying english, i have been doing something about it.
yesterday i filmed myself to make a self-introduction video.
it was actually the first time that i ever listened to myself speaking in english.
and then i noticed that i still have a japanese accent.
i think my pronunciation is not too bad, but there is still a japanese accent.
i want to speak with a native accent...
so i decided to record my voice every day and try to figure out what my problem is.
i can't do it by myself!
my birthday is march 11.
many people died in the earthquake.
i thought it was just a normal one.
my wife, we had not married yet at that time, had booked a restaurant that night to celebrate my birthday and we enjoyed the dinner together.
after we parted, i stopped by a bar near the dorm i lived in at that time.
an old couple run the bar, and i often contact them, even now.
there, i knew how serious and devastating the damage was for the first time.
since one of my best friends lived in the disaster area, i was really worried about him and tried to call him many times.
my family celebrate with me, i appreciate them and i feel really happy.
i will take the toefl test in the middle of may.
hoping to find a friend,a teacher on here.
love you all!!
since people's personalities are more complicated than it seems, you cannot understand other people completely.
nevertheless, just exchanging a few words with a stranger can make you feel as if you have known him for decades.
this kind of misunderstanding sometimes becomes the start of a long friendship.
i knew then that in germany they have no cicadas.
stinging into the stones, the locust's trill.
i wonder why he used the "locust" instead of "cicada"?
not so long ago, as i watched some tv program reporting on german travelers visiting japan, they looked intrigued by the sound of singing cicadas.
they didn't seem to have any idea what the source of the sound was.
i knew then, that germany doesn't have cicadas.
cicadas live only in warm countries like japan and therefore i suppose most europeans don't recognize the sound of singing cicadas.
i took it for granted that mid-summer there would be filled with the sound of singing cicadas.
the memories of my childhood summer vacations are evoked by those ringing sounds of cicadas, accompanied by a feeling of nostalgia.
moreover, march is the end of a financial year here in japan.
actually, i don't like a busy schedule, but i try to enjoy parties.
to begin with, i bought new clothes and had my hair cut.
i had headache from yesterday that was probably caused by hay fever.
i took some medicine, so i hopeit will heal quickly.
how long will it last?
i'm fed up with it.
i hope the cedar pollen does not become scattered in the air.
i regret not having done my best to keep a high gpa.you could also say:1. i regret not having done my best to keep my gpa high.2. i regret not caring about my gpa as much as i should've.3. i regret not trying harder to keep a high gpa.
it is not considered very important when applying to graduate schools and jobs in japan.
however, a high gpa is indispensable in many respects in foreign countries.
i am now facing the consequences of my low gpa..
unfortunately, there is no way to recover for a student who is about to graduate.
i should have known better than to goof off with my friends during class!
there are two ways of expressing it.
these are two ways of expressing this.
the worst thing for health is...
i thinking that the worst thing for health is getting something too much even workout, vegetables, stress, etc...
before i didn't think that the worst thing for health is getting stressed, and that was why i didn't know that it's the worst thing for health lol.
i realized that getting something too much isn't good because there are some people who have experienced it around me.
first, i'll tell you about a person who ate too much seafood.
one of my friends worked at a fish market, and she had been having seafood almost every day. unfortunately she got allergic to seafood because she had too much of it.
you would get stressed if you worked out too hard.
if you worked out too hard, you would have health problems someday.
if you got stressed for a long time, you would have problems of your health.
the other day, i visited kagoshima for trip.
kagoshima is where those who contributed to the meiji revolution are from.
then i went to the sea, in order to go fishing.
kagoshima has a beautiful sea and an abundance of fish.
syrian civil war. are we getting used to watching painful images?
the civil war in syria has lasted seven years now, and it doesn't seem that an end or peace is in sight.
the war began in the first months of 2011 amid the protests of arab spring across many arabian countries.
the peace protests in syria were dissipated with violence, with guns, even shelling against innocent people.
since then, every day there are heartbreaking videos and pictures which show the pain of the syrian people amid the war.
about this war, there is a lot of audiovisual material, along with many witnesses, victims, and survivors who show how they struggled through the war and their suffering.
of course, there have been attempts at ending this war from the united nations, europe union, among others, but failure was a constant in those attempts.
for this war, there is a lot of audiovisual material., there are many witnesses, victims, and survivors who show how they struggled through the war and their suffering.
of course, there have been attempts at ending this war by the united nations, and the european union, among others but tfailure was a constant in those attempts.
so many years have passed and it seems that we are normalizing indifference as to what is happening in syria.
the ads are really various, but most of the ads that i've seen are about english schools.
i'm not sure why they want to advertise even though they are already known in japan.
i think one of the reasons they're common is that many japanese can't speak english, so they want to take an advantage of it as a business.
japan is one of the top developed countries, but obviously we are behind even developing countries in terms of english.
we have not learned how to speak english. we've learned to write and listen to english through exams.
it was irritating to deal with them.
he made eye contact first, and then
you can have some.
jones some sweets.
4 did you give your sister any present for her birthday?
i came here because i tried working at vfx company.
even though i have gotten used to working here, i have felt i need more english skills recently because i have some situations that are difficult for me to explain.
so i start to keep a diary log here
there are not many traditional houses in the town and cities in japan anymore.
so, if you want to catch a glimpse of them, you should come and see our house in the area designated as important preservation districts for groups of traditional buildings.
in the episode, they covered a story on an american man who lives in a village at risk of disappearing and work as a community-reactivating cooperator squad.
he is 31 years old, but he is the second youngest person in the village, after a high-school kid, and he is like a son to all the residents.
he said that he gets kind of upset when somebody says to him that he can use chopsticks very well, or calls him by his first name, like in the west, while they call other japanese workers "san" to be polite.
he think he is the same as them so he wants them to interact with him just like they do with other japanese.
i had never thought about those kinds of things, so i bet i too would say those things to people from abroad.
i think that means that he had been immersed into japan that much though.
i wonder if he will go back to his country, or find a job and stay in the village, or anywhere in japan.
i wish he would come to my town because they are now hiring a community-reactivating cooperator squad!
i watched a show called "the reason i live in japan" the other day.
in the episode, they covered a story on an american man who lives in a village at risk of disappearing and works as part of a community-reactivating cooperator squad.
he is 31 years old but he is the second youngest person in the village after a high-school kid and he is like a son to all the residents.
he said that he gets kind of upset when somebody tells him that he can use chopsticks very well or calls him by his first name in the western style while they call other japanese workers "san" in a polite way.
he thinks he is the same as them so he wants them to interact with him just like they do with other japanese.
i had never thought about those kinds of things before, so i bet i would say those things to people from abroad too.
i think that means that he has been immersed in japan for a long time though.
i wonder if he will go back to his country or find another job and stay in the village or somewhere else in japan.
in this episode, they covered a story on an american man who lives in a village at risk of disappearing and who works as part of a community-reactivating cooperator squad.
he is 31 years old but he is the second youngest person, after a high-school kid, in the village and he is like a son to all the residents.
he said that he gets kind of upset when somebody says to him that he can use chopsticks very well or calls him by his first name in the western style rather than using the polite 'san' like they do for japanese workers.
i had never thought about that kind of thing so i bet i would say those things to people from abroad.
i wonder if he will go back to his own country or find a job and stay in the village or somewhere else in japan.
i wish he would come to my town because now they are also hiring a community-reactivating cooperator squad!
why cats knead with the paws?
zoologists have explained, for what purpose cats made rubbing motions against the man or other animals.
there are a few reasons given by the specialists.
by means of rubbing motions, animals from biological family felidae smooths grass, to prepare a place for sleep.
today i watched the movie "your name."
the movie is in set in both the big city of tokyo and the older japanese country side.
so in "your name" you can find not only traditional old towns and rural scenery surrounded by beautiful mountains and nature but also vivid views of a city.
the movie made me nostalgic because i was born in the countryside and lived in tokyo.
after i go back to japan, i'm going to visit the real location used in the movie.
warm days have continued for a while, but it got cold yesterday.
influenza is in fashion this year, and we need attention to cold.
what he emphasized the most was to save as much money as possible before starting the business, and to secure as many people that will lend money as possible for emergencies.
he told me that he had lost hundreds of thousands of dollars during the first year because of a lack of customers.
i have heard many times that more than half of new restaurants close doors after one year.
he told me that it's very important to know it, because most restaurateurs get so anxious that they give up their business before the fruitful second year comes.
choosing a topic has always been difficult for me.
so, i thought to seek help with this issue from my sister with whom i had an argument just a few minutes before about an old garment of mine that she wants to throw away, but i want to still wear it.
i asked my sister to tell me any word about which i can write.
but i started wondering what makes something nasty.
how could you stop something from being nasty?
lastly, we should avoid making opinions about somebody without knowing them.
there are situations where we start assuming that something is true without knowing the actual reasons behind the situation.
please feel free to express your opinions regarding the same. i would love to hear about the topics with which you agree or disagree.
please tell me about any changes that will improve the quality of my sentences.
we can use a simple one - dimensional value to express the emotion; the value of number is the intensity of the emotion.
if the value is less than 0, it indicates that there is a negative emotion; if the value is greater than 0, there is a positive emotion.
this is an illustration of the classification of emotions in the book "cognitive structure of emotion".
human subconscious will make a decision, but people can't always notice it.
human beings cannot make pure, rational decisions; decision making is mixed feelings and emotions.
conclusion: we could use machines to perceive the internal feelings that human beings can't realize themselves, so that people can clearly know what their real feelings and their subconscious choices are.
in april, 1968, cayo julio vindex, the governor of the roman province of gallia lugdunensis initiated a rebellion against neron.
galba was killed in january, 19 69.
the o ther three emperors governed rome during that year, until the last one, vespasian, pacif i ed the roman imperium.
nero was a controversial roman emperor.
galba, who was the governor of hispania terraconensis, accepted his proposition and immediately marched with his army against rome.
when the news of the rebellion of vindex reached nero, he immediately ordered the roman army placed close to the border of germany to attack vindex.
but this victory wasn't useful to nero because the senate of rome used this rebellion as an opportunity to get rid of him.
the army who defeated vindex desagreed with the appointment of galba as emperor of rome and started a rebellion against him.
being afraid of a sick house
i was afraid that the chemicals from the wall paint of our building had affected the health condition of my wife, and i went straight back home just after my work to check upon them.
i arrived home at 6:30 pm, and i found that the wall wasn't painted yet.
because there were no need to circulate the air of our room to dilute the chemicals, i took the time to prepare dinner.
today, the painter will do it and i'll go home early again before my wife returns.
lang, 1885 put forward a similar emotional theory that the physiological changes of the organism form before emotion.
so sadness is caused by crying rather than crying being caused by sadness.
instead of shudders causing fear.
however, this theory unilaterally emphasizes the role of the autonomic nervous system and neglects the regulation and control of the central nervous system, thus creating a lot of controversy.
button press experiment.
cannon, 1927 theory emphasized the integration of the brain, thus having the cannon-bard theory of emotion.
the frontal lobe is an important part of the cerebral cortex.
as the command and control center of the brain, it can make decisions, function and do high-level thinking.
so we can draw the conclusion that the brain first makes the subconscious decisionand then produces emotional changes.
it is considered that emotions are a kind of experience tendency that are beneficial to perception and beneficial to the mind and
schachter 1970, the generation of emotion is attributed to three factors: stimulating factors, physiological factors, and cognitive factors.
he emphasized the importance of cognitive processing on regulating emotion.
i had those players left available, i had only a doubt between lulic and leiva between those who send in the first 5 and all 2 had given the go."
"we were very good, apart from kalinic's shot, at the end we conceded little or nothing to milan that we knew was going to have a gameplay on restarts."
"it is normal that in a home and home games the looseness of thoughts is less."
the hunger to put the ball inside, the tiredness after 120 minutes, the weight of the in or out.
because such games are in or out, with a lot at stake."
"when going down by a score lazio and juve are the best on comeback wins.
"napoli runs, tottenham turns goes well, the bianconeri, as of results have nothing to envy, but have to deal with some emergencies: de sciglio, cuadrado and bernardeschi out for a long time, dybala has returned for the derby because of the offensive emergency, and for the seasonal illness of mandzukic and the prudent management of pipita higuain, who could easily find a slot against inzaghi's men."
"entering his football sunset, ferenc puskas actually enjoyed some of the best years of his career, making his debut for real madrid on september 14, 1958."
i received a letter from the dental clinic.
the letter said that your timing of the periodic medical examination came.
i'm reluctant go because i am afraid about the possible results.
it may be more severe if i don't go to there.
i hope that the results are good."i hope that there are no problems with my teeth." "i hope that there are no problems with my oral health."
we were walking on a sunday afternoon and we saw 2 haitians taking pictures of themselves. my friend said, "are they celebrating a sweet 16 or what?"
it was so many pictures! hahaha, and then we started laughing about it.
she drank coffee with her friend.
i'll read this article over and over again until it makes sense.
she brought up her daughter by herself.
they are putting pressure on him to take this exam.
this is the place where the production is made.
i want to make a ton money, but i could not find a way how could i earn big amount of money quickly.
i can not earn enough money by doing only a single job, i should start something like a business.
if i depend on only one source for my salary, i will never get financial freedom.
if i think about a business and what type business i should do....
i don't have any ideas.
i don't have any business experience.
but without doing anything how could i get any experience?
i want to make huge money, but i can't figure out how to earn big amounts of money quickly.
i can not earn enough money by doing only a job. i should do something like a business.
if i depend only on my salary, then i will never gain financial freedom.
if i think about opening a business, then i think about what kind of business i should do.
i don't get any ideas.
but, without doing anything, how can i gain any experience?
my boss and i have been working on a new product for a client of the factory we work for.
this new product has been having a lot of little problems and we have been under pressure from the big boss.
we talked about our little problems with the process of assembly and together we found the possible solutions.
at the end of the meeting the customer was satisfied with the work we did, as were me and my boss.
after the customer was gone, i was tired but very proud of my job.
i really like my work with my boss and trying to solve problems in a team.
now i'm going to see my lovely little niece and i'll play with her until to she goes to bed.
i wish i could write perfectly. all things i think in my mind come easily. imagine if i could change minds with just words and make people happy and motivated.
how beautiful it is when somebody has the skill to transform sadness and happiness. these days are full of despair and agony, children begging for changes and nobody can explain them. why are human beings so bad?
i wish i could write perfectly, perhaps then i could change something.
m life in the uk: do you want to work in japan? what does a cv look like in japan?
generally in japan, you have to prepare some official cv documents which you have to fill in by hand in japanese.
you must take a picture of yourself and attach it like on a passport.
it depends on the company.
personally i think that cv in japan is really unfair as japanese society requires a description of your appearance, your age and sex.
if you are invited for an assessment or job interview, you should wear black or navy business suits and try not to stand out.
japan is still a conservative society unfortunately.
holidaying in japan or studying in japan can be fantastic but working in japan can be a nightmare.
m life in the uk: do you want to work in japan? what cv is like in japan?
generally in japan, you have to prepare some official cv documents and are required to fill it in by hand in japanese.
you have to take a picture of you and put it on like a passport.
you have to give basic information such as your name, address, age, date of birth, sex, home town, personal statement, educational background and work history.
personally, i think that a cv in japan is really unfair as japanese society requires your appearance, age and sex.
if you are invited for an assessment or job interview, you should wear a black or navy business suit.
japan is still closed society unfortunately.
holidaying or studying in japan can be fantastic, but working there can be a veritable nightmare.
so it is necessary that the muscles of our mouth get used to it.
it is recommended that we pay attention to the way native spanish speakers move their mouths, jaw and tongue, so that we can imitate those sounds when we talk.
a small mirror could be useful to check if we are moving the mouth, etc properly when we speak
even people who have not lived in a spanish speaking country might be mistaken as a native in a short conversation if they have worked very hard on their phonetics and intonation.
so it will be necessary that the muscles of our mouth get used to it.
it is recommended to pay attention to the way spanish native speakers move their mouth, jaw and tongue, so that we can imitate those sounds when we talk.
it will be useful the help of a small mirror to check out if we are moving the mouth, etc, properly when we speak.
even people who haven not lived in a spanish speaking country might be mistaken for a native in a short conversation if they have worked very hard on their phonetics and intonation.
i spoke with her for around five minutes and did not realize that she was not a spanish native speaker until a friend of hers told me a week later that she was from romania.
the second time i spoke with this woman, knowing she was not from spain, i paid close attention to her speech, and i noticed some slips of the tongue every three or four minutes.
i previously wrote in an entry that our dog could put his feet in the door knob to open the door.
after that, he also mastered a way to open a sliding door with his nose.
thus, when my daughter is studying for the test in her study room, he always runs into the room and starts to disturb her studies.
i admired his capacity to learn.
after that, he also mastered opening sliding doors with his nose.
thus, when my daughter is studying in her study room, he always runs into the room and starts disturbing her.
i admired his high learning ability.
regarding my semester plan, i need to share some information with you.
3rd week of my practicum in human genetics:
on wednesday 11.04.18 from 13:00 - 15:15
on thursday 12.04.18 from 13:00 - 18:00
on friday 13.04.18 from 09:15 - 18:00
4th week of my practicum in human genetics:
on wednesday 18.04.18 from 13:00 - 15:15
on thursday 19.04.18 from 13:00 - 18:00
on friday 20.04.18 from 09:15 - 18:00
i am actually very flexible with my schedule, so, i would be very grateful if there were a chance to make up for the 2 days that i am taking off, like staying later than usual in the lab, if it were possible.
again, thank you very much for your email.
a: a lot of anime-fans have an sns account, such as a weblog, line, twitter, and facebook.
b: a lot of anime-fans have sns accounts, such as weblogs, line, twitter, and facebook.
"we are all good mates, that picture on the socials was only among brazilians because we are always tied to help each other "
"the kid dominates the midfield in the air play, the speciality of the house.
"like if his trademark was simply turned into a spare part, and eventually milinkovic has established himself to the attention of everybody."
"when you need milinkovic, he is there, with head and feet."
which was the most confident during the questions? which team was most confident during the questions?
is this correct?
when azeem saw his father arbaaz arguing with his uncle, arbaab, he went to call timkey and pinkey who were playing with their dolls on the street with their friend, popri.
arbaab had asked his father to divide their property, but he refused.
my current job mission is to manage training sessions for managers.
our training sessions are divided into three parts.
trainees repeat learning new skills, and trying it at their own workplace for six months.
this finding is key to upgrading and making a successful organization.
the third one is an upgrading test for general managers.
frankly speaking, i'm not so interested in preparation for the upgrading test.
the first one, and the second one, lets me know how trainees have changed.
these are my favorite factors of current work.
the most difficult concepts in foreign languages are writing conventions.
maybe the style of communication, or "the manner", i'm not sure about the correct synonym.
the words i need always slip away when i need to use a certain tone, and i struggle finding the correct word or phrase for each moment.
sometimes being ironic, or silly...
diplomatic, that's fun too-- why not?
i can already enjoy some stylistic choices in english when i read others' writing, but only if those choices are emphasized.
and of course i cannot write like that on my own.
what about french...
i suppose i can be consoled by the fact that i know three languages instead of one and i'm good at each of them!
not everyone in the world can enjoy russian poetry in the original text, right?
and a few can enjoy russian poetryl _and_ read english and french too.
i just noticed that i can not remember a proper spelling for some words such as "emphasized" and "a speech".
luckily for me i'm here now.
until this january i've been learning english almost purely by listening, for years.
it was good practice, but writing is a crucial skill for me.
the most difficult concept in foreign languages is the style of writing.
to be sometimes ironical, sometimes silly, sometimes...
bureaucratical, that's fun too, why not.
not everyone in the world can enjoy russian poetry in its original version, right.
and a few can enjoy russian poetry in its original version and read english and french too.
i just noticed that i can not remember the proper spelling for some words such as "empasized" and "a speech".
until this january i've been learning english almost purely by listening for years.
or leave a comment about difficult concepts for you in the foreign language you are learning.
we have an old saying in chinese, "an old man loses his horse, but you can never tell whether he is bitter or sweet", which means the same as "misfortune might be a blessing in disguise".
this is quite suitable to describe my experience with my worn out phone.
after a few testings, the staff told me that there was not much they could do and they had to replace it with a brand new one.
i was like, why don't i just get the latest iphone if i have to pay that much?
it is a shame that apple doesn't have a rating system for their staff or otherwise i would have definitely given him five stars.
the other good thing was that i got myself an ipad, and there happened to be a special discount for uni students during the first month of the semester, plus a beats bluetooth headphone as a gift.
i am sick of my boss' lies.
my boss has been promising me a raise for months now but he still hasn't given me one.
a few months ago,
i found the leather gloves in a japanese department store that you made.
i found the leather gloves that you made in the japanese department.
you can study whatever you want here,"a college student encouraged me in the exhibition room.
there are lots of things i want to do," i replied.
you can study whatever you want here," a college student entreated at the exhibition.
a cool draft was blowing through the gloomy hallway.
i almost missed a step, causing me to come back to my senses.
i went to the park with my children this morning, but we went home immediately, because the wind was strong.
recently, my son's favorite activity is to watch youtube.
he has been watching it everyday.
he always says, "i want to watch youtube," to me.
i want him to play with toys and go outside.
this afternoon i wake up at 2:30 pm.
last night at work there was a lot to do because there were problems with the material.
leonardo went cycling for workout.
michela arrived home from work at 14:30 and cleaned the house.
now she is cooking the pasta and meat for us.
it is said to be the equivalent of an mba in japan.
i've been interested in getting an mba for a long time, but since i haven't graduated university and it doesn't cost as much as an mba, i decided to study for this.
sometimes it was good, sometimes not.
my strength is to promote products from nothing by using sns or seo, streamline the sales process, create sales copy, etc.
otherwise, the promotion doesn't go well.
until i was 30 years old, i didn't realize that there were not many great products out there.
not only that, most of the products suck, especially for small business owners.
most of them don't have much money, knowledge, or experience.
after i found out about this fact, what did i do?
i kept thinking about how value is created.
all the books for start-ups and such didn't explain about that.
that was quite a difficult question.
interestingly, when i searched for the word "value" in google, its definition was different in chinese and english.
in chinese, it was defined as "time it took" in short.
in english, it was defined as "how worthy or useful" in short.
anyway, i live in japan where capitalism is practiced.
i am getting sleepy, so i will continue this diary later.
it is around 22:00 now.
i'm going to take a bath and go to bed soon.
i got my toeic result.
the average mark was 589 points this time. my score was 590 points.
my score is almost average.
i studied english words intensively for two hours.
today, my little sister came to check on me.
i will be able to go back to work tomorrow.
yesterday, i found a japanese book titled ''don't talk with a foolish'' in a book store.
as a result, i didn't get it.
that was because i imagined that i would lose my confidence after reading the book.
now, i regret that i didn't buy the book.
don't talk with a fool
yesterday, i found a japanese book titled ''don't talk with a fool'' in a book store.
i wondered whether i should buy this book.
because i thought i might lose confidence after reading it.
i regret that i didn't buy it.
t is a woman in her 30s and is a clinical psychologist.
she will be in maternity leave starting 13rd march.
i'm very grateful for the time i spent with your during your psychology program.
after all this time, it would have been nice to chat with you a little more.
however, i am extremely happy just thinking about all the things you've done for me.
dear t,
finally, our customer promised that they clean all the returnable boxes on their own responsibility.
there were over twenty people at the deli corner to get food at reasonable prices.
maybe next time, i will want to get a pack of fried chickens or croquettes for our lunch.
it was quite helpful.
i have found that i do assume huntington presumed a stable party system, or at least that people have a particular psychological attachment to one specific party.
thank you very much.
best,
like vocabulary, pronunciation and accent are part of the bigger picture.
the first step as i said is discerning and recognizing the sounds.
not only has our brain gained a certain level of rigidity, but also the muscles of our mouth might not be prepared to make those sounds correctly.
the day that laetitiar does her housework everyday, anything will be possible.
you won't leave here before you have finished!
i'll come back as soon as the lecture begins.
we will be able to come and visit you when we will have had the car repaired.
in japan, they say that competent housewives know when supermarkets are having a sale.
i think that's because i am kind of unusual.
i just wanted to resist their advertisement that says, "if you don't shop here on tuesday, you're an idiot!"
at my house, we still have more than 30 eggs." for a while i was speechless because i couldn't follow the story.
in japanese food culture, as far as i know, we don't use many eggs very much.
it's beyond my imagination.
why did they buy so many eggs?
i know, the answer is: "because eggs are cheaper on that day."
it's like a suggestion by hypnosis: "if you don't buy now, you will regret it in the future, and lose money when you actually decide to buy them."
buying too many unnecessary foods on sale still costs more than buying nothing.
i'll prepare some snacks and japanese tea, also bring plastic picnic mats and a tarp tent!
please remember to bring your own lunch and drinks if you want!
i hope it's going to be sunny!
i can't wait to have the picnic with you!
why don't you ask your korean friends who want to talk in japanse as their practice!
i hope everyone can enjoy the meet up!
see you soon
for a short moment, this desperate fight in the air had captivated me just as it had done with the staff sergeant, when i suddenly heard the rumbling of heavy boots from one direction and loud voices from another.
involuntarily, i looked for an escape route but found no way out.
the car park was surrounded by a low wall and the only hiding place was the wooden shed in which i had laid out my equipment to dry.
the voices from the terrace transformed themselves into dark shadows that turned around the corner with expansive gestures and bursting laughter.
when i am nervous, under stress, or  worried, i can't sleep well or eat much.
the last few weeks i had forgotten what it felt like when i'm sleepy.
i have been under extreme tension, so i slept and ate less.
when i am nervous, stressed or worried, i can't sleep well or eat much.
during the last few weeks i had forgotten what these feelings are like, when i'm sleepy.
i have been extremely stressed, so i sleep and eat less.
i was relieved and now, i feel sleepy and like eating.
these are wonderful feelings.
i had been extremely stressed, so i slept and ate less.
it's wonderful.
i want to say thanks to you all who helped me, listened to me, and advised me with my problem.
i like it when i see my cat sleeping in the sunshine by the window.
i like it when i see my cat curling herself up in her house.
i like it when i feel my piano sound softly melting in the air.
i like it when my cat eats snacks from my hand.
i like it when i soak myself in a warm bath at the end of the day.
i like it when i see my cat curled up in her house.
i like it when i feel my piano's sound softly melting in the air.
no i don't, but i saw my brother fix a car by himself.
one way is to study repairs and do them yourself.
of course, some big problems like errors with the brakes or engine etc. are not easy to handle yourself.
but if it's a small problem you can handle it.
another way is to check your warranty period, you don't need to cover the all the costs within the warranty period.
if you remember, my first business trip took place on the 7th of february and it was tough for me given my physical condition.
nevertheless, i have to admit that this unpleasant journey allowed me to establish contact with our counterparts and know in depth their needs, which were not consistent with the message passed on by our project leader.
because of this misinformation, our project was delayed and our performances were not satisfactory.
with hindsight, we could conclude that we, researchers and deleveloppers, should have communicated with our counterparts and jumped into their shoes from the very beginning in order to make sure that we were on the right track and eventually be able to deliver a satisfactory product that met exactly their needs.
i asked our project manager why our company didn't send us on site earlier. "our boss underestimated the challenge of this project so that he was reluctant to do so," he replied.
surely i can't blame my boss for this unwise decision but we can learn some lessons from this experience to standardize development process.
more naturally - nevertheless, this tough journey allowed me to make contact with comrades and learn about their needs. that is in tune with the directive passed down by our project leader.
due to some miscommunication, our project was delayed and our performance was not satisfactory.
on hindsight, it seems that we should have communicated with our comrades and jumped into their shoes from the very beginning. this would enable us to make sure that we are on the right track. we would also be better able to deliver a satisfactory product that fits their needs.
i have asked our project manager why our company didn't send us on site earlier. he replied, "our boss underestimated the challenge of this project, so he was reluctant to do so."
surely i can't blame my boss for this unwise decision, but we can learn lessons from this experience to standardize development process.
i want to sleep because i worked late last night
i have to work at least one week more.
i can't allow myself to fall sick
i'm feeling a little cold.
i encountered a must-see video for cat lovers.
and then, the parent cat hugs the kitten.
not doing so well
school started again, which has put me in a bad mood for a long time.
before that, i spent 3 weeks with my family.
i felt comfortable and happy, and i almost forgot that i would have to go back to school.
during my undergraduate studies, i had the same feeling.
but now, i miss undergraduate school and that period of my life.
when a person evaluates an object or an experience, he is actually imaging the feelings which the associated consequences would bring him.
patients with impaired vmpf have normal intelligence, but can not feel or express certain emotions.
a study found that these patients also had difficulty in making decisions in their daily lives, which shows that the emergence of human decision-making is accompanied by emotions, supported by emotions, and is an irrational process.
a book about ideas
i finished reading a book today.
the book was about ideas.
it was a very interesting book.
i am going to the reading club meeting about this book.
i am looking forward to it.
there was an undercover cop outside your house two days ago.
uh, yeah, what do you--what's so funny?
what's funny?
umm, no, i mean, obv--definitely my twenty-fifth birthday where my friends surprised me with, um, kris jenner holding my birthday cake.
i mean, i don't wanna sound like--i know that that's like a "famous person story," but, like, when i was a kid, my parents would be like, "it was your birthday yesterday." like, we didn't have, like, parties, so my only birthday party stories are after i'm famous, so suck my dick.
can you help me fix the sentences?
1: the conch shell is a natural thing, not perfect; no one shell is the same, and no one shell is complete. for example, if the god mind the natural handicap, please take care of it carefully.
2: crafted jewelry, shell carvingd, and wind bells often modify the original shape, and will not be exactly the same as the photo..
3: coral, clams, and gemstone ornaments use natural raw materials, so there will be small flaws.
4: all pictures are photographed in kind.
there may be a little color differencebecause of different lighting and displays.
please contact the owner to discuss the method of transportation before 5:00 pm.
do not harm the pleasure of our transaction because of transportation or other unnecessary problems.
uses:orthese products can be used in the following ways:
conches and shells can be used to dress up the home.
we often see them in different styles such as modern, english countryside, mediterranean, korean pastoral, and so on.
they can be matched with any scene or style.
they can be posted on the wall, and friends will admire your show of ingenuity!
they can be put into the fish tank, with sand, grass, and rocks to give the fish a carefree paradise.
would you like to come over?
a: would you like some water?
a: would you like to go to the football game?
i'm inviting lena and dima too.
after dinner we can watch a movie!
maybe i'll see you this weekend?
pronunciation and accent
from my point of view, this is the most problematic area to master.
it is very easy for children to acquire the accent and pronunciation of a language by the time they turn 5 years old.
however, after puberty it is very difficult to achieve the accent of a native.
it is easy for children under 5 to produce the sounds of the spanish language or any other language without much effort.
if a child has enough hours of exposure to the spanish language before turning five and continues having exposure to the language later, he or she will speak spanish with a native or native-like accent.
however, after puberty, it is much more difficult to discern the sounds of a foreign language.
at this point, if you want to reach a native-like pronunciation in spanish you will have to use different strategies than if you were a child.
a child grasps the sounds naturally, apparently without effort, but an adult needs to tackle this in a different way.
it is very easy for children to acquire the accent and pronunciation of a language until they turn 5 years old.
it is easy for children under 5 to produce the sounds of the spanish language or any other language without effort.
at this point, if you want to reach a native-like pronunciation in spanish you will have to use different strategies than a child.
my best friend contributed to making a 100 million yen sale in only a single year and received top awards several times for her excellent performances.
therefore, i always want to go to a bed early.
recently, i'm trying to read bbc news when i have time, like when i'm on the train or on my lunch break.
i hope it raises my english level and gives me knowledge of what's happening in the world.
logging into lang-8
these days it has not been easy to log into lang-8, but i was able to do it smoothly today.
and, if i can do something good for you, i'm always ready.
and you are one of the few girls that makes me shy...
my princess, i do not know if i be successful in the future or not?
but i know, if i can do something to make you happy, i will always be ready.
but you are one of the few girls who makes me shy...
my princess, i don't know if i'll be successful in the future or not,
but i know, if i can do something to make you happy, i'm always ready.
'heisei' is one of the era names called 'nengo'.
'showa' ended when the former emperor died in 1989 and then 'heisei' started.
dodgeball has also been getting more popular in our elementary school lately.
once upon a time there was a wonderful princess. she had a golden ball.
she played with the ball every day.
once, she played near the lake and the ball fell into the water.
the princess was sad; she could only sit on the grass and cry.
how old was the ten year-old kid that you were talking to yesterday?
one of my friends who is really a good friend to me.
working in the us is not such an easy thing for japanese people.
he was in a tough situation but he achieved what he wanted.
but now he complains about his life because he is not comfortable at his company.
i think the most important thing to live is not where we live.
when i picked up my luggage and left the airport, i the felt fresh ocean breeze on my face.
it was a cold night, but i could tell that it had been raining not that long time ago as i could feel the humidity in the air.
while i was waiting for my friends to pick me up in front of the airport, i saw this lady.
she was tall and beautiful, and the way she dressed you could tell that she's not working on minimal wage.
it took me a minute to realize who she was.
i realized mostly because of the people around me screaming and getting excited, and the security keeping her safe from everyone else.
that's not bad for my first hour there, is it?
right after that, my friends picked me up and we went to get some food.
no, he suddenly showed up.
to be frank with you, my uncle hid himself for about 17 years after he borrowed some money from his brother and sisters.
at that time, i was so young so i didn't know the details of the situation.
of course, my parents don't tell us about those things; i just guessed that something happened.
on saturday, my mom came to me and said, "your uncle will coming to our home tomorrow."
i thought this uncle was my mom's second brother, without a doubt.
but my mom tells me he was her third brother.
she said she had had a call from him on friday and he had been trying to find my mom for a long time.
he had gone to my apartment and asked my parents' names to find them, but he couldn't find at that time.
anyways, i was little bit nervous to meet him and i thought it was better to leave them alone so that they could catch up on lost time.
after i came back home, my parents, two uncles, and two aunts came home too.
he had changed a lot.
he had gained weight a bit, but it was not that bad.
it was so good to meet him again!
he told us that he had ordered a fridge and a tv for us.
i didn't believe it the first time but it was real.
we won the lottery!
i'm so happy to see my mom happy and i am also happy that my uncle is healthy and happy that i found my uncle!
when does she come to me?
she came to me.
when did she go to him?
why did she come to me today?
but he wants to come to you.
then it was published in germany.
it was wrote by a german who lived japan.
i learned about this book today contingently.
in my country, being self-critical is not common, but this old book will tell me about japan, which was observed from a different perspective.
why are we alive?
after retirement, i realized that work was not all of my life was about.
what is life?
after retirement, i realized that work was not the only thing that my life was about.
1 i was listening to heavy metal music the whole time i was on the train.
3 i watched thomas and friends on youtube while i ate dinner.
4 it was raining the whole time i was playing outside alone.
6 i'm always quiet while my wife is sleeping.
7 i was playing a dull game on my smartphone while i was waiting for my girlfriend.
3 i was watching thomas and friends on youtube while i ate dinner.
6 i'm always quiet while my wife is in the house.
i took an interview today in order to apply for the internship of vail ski resort in colorado.
i don't know what these people are called, like the woman in the photo and the place where they help customers pay.
plus, i'm not even sure the words calculate and counter are appropriate in this situation.
one of the most famous laws is the 'bald-hairy' law in russia.
this theory is strictly applied to every leader, since lenin, who founded the ussr, and all subsequent presidents, including the current president putin.
so we can soon assume that the post-putin leader must be extremely hairy!
south korea has another presidential rule: almost all the ex-leaders are charged guilty of something sooner or later.
today, i heard in the news that former south korean president lee myung-bak was summoned by prosecutors for possible corruption.
it was just last year that south korean incumbent president park geun-hye was arrested and jailed.
i don't think this kind of law is favourable to south korean citizens, because the frequent change of political fundamentals may prevent many capable politicians from running in a presidential election.
the real thing is finally approaching.
i gave my teammate a bookmark detail of the tournament.
it was hard to prepare alone.
today i submitted my resign report to my manager, but she didn't sign on it.
today i submitted my resignation report to my manager, but she didn't sign it.
my manager doesn't want me to leave.
she told me she could raise my basic salary, but i don't want to stay.
he just placed one order.
now i have to pass this customer on to my colleague.
but that also means you give up other possibilities.
he is clumsy, but he is an obedient and good man.
please fix this!
if it were up to me, i would pay mothers a salary for raising their children to allow them to completely invest all their energy in this work.
and, by the way, this work has no days off, holidays or pensions.
it seems that people have not understood yet how destructive this is for mankind.
please fix this!
if it were up to me, i would pay mothers a salary for raising their children to provide them with the opportunity to invest all their energy in this work.
i come from a large family, and i consider myself entitled to say that nursing, bringing up and educating children is a job.
and this is a more important and more difficult job than any other.
and, by the way, this work has no days off, holidays or pensions.
it seems that people do not yet understand how destructive this is for mankind.
please fix my text.
if it were up to me, i would pay mothers a salary to raise their children to encourage them to focus on this important work.
and this is the most difficult and important job in the world.
and this is a job with great responsibility, like no other job.
in modern society, there has been a breakdown of the family and loss of respect for the mother.
people don't seem to understand how destructive this is for mankind.
i have been feeling a noticeable change in my physical condition ever since i began gluten-free diets.
i have not yet undergone food sensitivity tests such as elisa.
however, once i know the exact foods to which i am very sensitive, and i eliminate all of them, i am sure that there will be a noticeable difference.
she wanted to have an akita dog from japan, so japan will present a dog to her.
it means winning in japanese, but it is.it means winning in japanese, but is a male name.
she wanted an akita dog from japan, so japan will present a dog to her.
it means "winning" in japanese, but it is a man's name.
alina zagitova is an olympic gold medalist in figure skating.
machine learning
i want to challenge myself to create something with this new knowledge down the road.
when i ate an instant noodle as a child, i became very sick, but i remained ignorant about food intolerance and food allergy for a long time.
i am determined to get rid of wheat and barley from my diet.
is it possible to speak spanish like a native for a foreigner?
there is a lot of controversy around this issue.
many people consider it impossible for a foreigner to speak spanish like a native.
i think it is possible for a foreigner to reach a point where he or she is able to speak spanish almost as well as a native.
if a student uses the right approach and devotes the necessary time, he or she will probably achieve a native-like fluency in spanish.
in order to sound like a native speaker in spanish, you will need to achieve flawless grammar and a native-like accent.
i think that it is possible to attain a really good level of grammar in spanish with only a short amount of study time.
but in order to achieve a native-like level, it is necessary to reduce the number of mistakes practically to zero.
however, mastering syntax and acquiring a feel for the language so that you can speak like a native is much more difficult. for many people it would require living in a spanish-speaking country for years.
my english is very poor and i often worry about it.
i hope i can improve my command over the language
the insurance costs, on the other hand, almost leveled off in 1991 in comparison to the level shown ten years earlier.
nevertheless, in 2001 the insurance expenditures reached 8% and nearly approached that which was spent on resources.
moving on to the insurance cost, it is worth mentioning that this expenditure constituted the lowest cost within all three given decades with mild fluctuation from 2% to 3% in the first two decades, and substantial growth in 2001 up to 8%.
meanwhile if they sense any hazard, their aggressive mood will appear.
because of these factors, chinese authorities use geese to prevent motorcycle theft.
the last time, a robber who poisoned guard dogs and jumped from the fence was stopped by the sounds of geese.
i haven't been able to post my entry on lang-8 for four or five days!
i write this entry for the first time in four or five days because i haven't been able to connect to lang-8.
i wanted to see others' posts and write sentences last weekend.
i found i was able to connect this site a while ago, so i immediately post this entry!
why do i work as barista?
which is better?
* i thought about my job and i ask myself: why did i start this job and why do i still have this job?
of course i have  had many problems in the field.
suddenly i though like that all i need is ' why ' in life.
who doesn't have a favorite actor or rock star whose work they follow or are interested in their opinions or how they act?
as the writer of the article states, many celebrities donate money or help to raise funds for an ngo or for studying diseases like cancer.
but their influence is not only positive, it can also can be negative, especially when we talk about teenagers.
all things considered, in my opinion, celebrities should be careful about what they show us of their lifestyle because not everyone is able to distinguish between the lives of the famous and real life.
i went to my workspace early in the morning.
at the meeting room, a presenter had spoken really confidently.
i was really impressed by it.
it was so fun.
especially because i talked a little with mr.
i felt good.
i went to office early in the morning.
when i attended the meeting, the presenter was presenting really confidently.
i was so much fun.
especially, i got some chance to talk in korean with ms kwak.
it was a good feeling.
because i could practice speaking korean.
since the meeting continues tomorrow, so i will go to work early tomorrow.
march 06, 2018 -- i will translate my friend's diary
y, i especially enjoyed talking a little with mr.
i felt better.
these days, i have been struggling with a lot of problems.
i'm feeling better today, and i will do my best tomorrow too.
china's huawei is set to lead the global charge to 5g networks.
5g networks, now in the testing stage, will rely on denser arrays of small antennas and the cloud to offer data speeds up to 50 or 100 times faster than current 4g networks and will serve as critical infrastructure in a range of industries.
let's look forward to the 5g networks period.
i read "the absent in the spring" by agatha christie 2 years ago and i was so impressed with the story.
it's the story about a women in a family who lives in the uk.
the beginning describes that she thinks about her family on the way from her daughter's to her house.
she was confident that she understood exactly what her family was and how her family should live to make a life better.
she believed that they followed her and proud of her.
however, she was wrong.
her family hated her because she put her thinking on them and never ever looked back whether she was right or not.
that's because the story was similar to what i experienced.
when i look back my old memories, i realize that i had many experiences to express my thinking like her.
i'm not sure whether it's right or not.
what i learned from the book is that having flexible thinking is important.
i shouldn't force my thinking on someone too much.
also i should be brave enough to admit my mistake
i will have experiences to express, but i never lose modesty and get arrogant.
do you like people who are very particular about certain things?
people who stick to one thing and refuse to change their mind or way of doing it?
"when you make up your mind to master a certain skill, you need to be extra-particular about it.
there's no way around it.
if you give in, it means you give up, and you can't progress any farther."
i thought about it for a while and came to the conclusion that there's truth in what he said.
looking back, i loved playing basketball when i was in junior high.
we would shoot and remember every bit of movement from where to place our feet, how to hold the ball, where to place our fingers on the ball, when to start pulling the ball upwards, and so on, and on, and on, and on.
we had so many checkpoints from the beginning to the follow through of a shot that if we would really check everything one by one, we would have to move in tremendously slow motion.
but after numerous practices, going through every checkpoint became a piece of cake.
what happened was that we could shoot exactly the same way every single time, and the shots were bound to go in.
what's more, even when we had to move our body differently for some reason, like if we got pushed by an opponent, we could kind of "know" how to adjust our shots, and most of them went in.
days have passed and i'm so obsessed about singing better now.
the issue is, am i being particular about creating sounds at the same level as i was being particular about making shots?
there are lots of signals that happen in my body that i'm overlooking.
i need to sense every tension and movement that happens when i start creating sounds.
if you stop trying, it means you give up, and that's the highest level you will reach."
one day, my twin brother and i decided to master shooting.
we would shoot and remember every bit of movement from where to place our feet, how to hold the ball, where to place our fingers on the ball, when to start pushing the ball upwards, and so on.
it could have taken us a whole afternoon to shoot one shot.
what's more, even when we had to move our body differently for some reason, like getting pushed by an opponent, we kind of knew how to adjust our shots, and most of them went in.
the issue is am i being as particular about creating sounds as i was particular about making shots?
i need to sense every tension and movements that happens when i start creating sounds.
we would practice shooting and keep track of every bit of movement, from where to place our feet, how to hold the ball, where to place our fingers on the ball, when to start pushing the ball upwards, and so on, and on, and on, and on.
it would have taken us a whole afternoon to make a single shot.
years have passed, and now i'm very obsessed with singing better.
it'll take time at first, like it did with basketball shots, but after i internalize proper singing technique, i know i'll be able to reproduce exactly the same movements, which will enable me to reproduce exactly the same sounds.
the project 'kamakura of the earth' has started.
'kamakura of the earth' is an artwork by a creative team comprised of several types of artists and craftsmen, including a plasterer, a lighting artist, a textile artist, a designer, and a carpenter.
the kakishibu noren's ivory colour reminds us of a beautiful winter atmosphere.
as we pass through it, we'll see another kakishibu noren that has soft, light pink colours with a sun print.
this puts us in mind of a spring atmosphere.
the  piece between the noren is called 'kamakura of the earth',
which was constructed by a female plasterer.
kamakura of the earth is an object that contains awazi island's soil, stones, and straw.
you can interact with your senses, touching, stroking, getting into the kamakura, sitting on a chair, feeling the breeze...
you'll notice the beauty of the soil when your eyes adjust to the darkness inside the kamakura.
the concept of 'kakishibu large noren' and 'kamakura of the earth'.
our everyday nighttime scenery has become very bright and convenient because of the great development of led technology.
indeed, bright lights are everywhere in our towns and homes.
therefore it is difficult to find a luxurious darkness.
we noticed this when we turned off the light in our room and saw small indicator lights.
we were able to feel relaxed when seeing lights because of the darkness, and the texture of soil illuminated by a weak light.
we could even forget about the bustle of daily life.
like many 80s kid in japan, i have liked robots since i was a child.
specifically, i feel as though they are like something from the future or an advanced world sent to help us.
do not burn containers. ordo not expose containers to flame.
he is a cheater, but he is an incredibly charismatic person.
all he wants is to find a person who has enough money and take it from him, but without any violence.
he doesn't live badly, but suddenly his wife decides to leave him.
he goes on a hunger strike, and his wife, forced into looking after him, stays with him for a time, until she catches him devouring cold borsch.
there is a strange country that has many beautiful landscapes and forests in the world.
but some people of the country don't feel like that is enough, they prefer more power and money.
every party wants to win in an election and get more power.
they cheat according to foolish policies.
the power and economic of this country becomes weaker and weaker.
this morning, i learned the words "broke" and "chap."
i was surprised these words mean the same as "man," a kind of colloquial word.
i've never heard these words in conversation though. do native speakers use these words in conversation??
how's it going?
yesterday i watched the film black panther, with one of my co-workers.
his funny scenes make me smile each time.
the dog's name is masaru which was given to it by zagitova.
the name is for a man but dog itself is a girl.
the dog's name is masaru, a name given to it by zagitova.
the name is a man's name, but the dog is girl.
the exam will be the next morning.
my son hasn't been to the dentist since april of last year.
fortunately, all of them are not permanent teeth.
we go to the dentist for treatment next monday again.
i will take care of his teeth more carefully.
getting enough nutrition is very important especially for kids.getting enough nutrition is very important, especially for kids.
recently we hear that getting little carbohydrates makes us slim.recently we have been hearing that getting few carbohydrates makes us slim.
but it is dangerous for kids because they need it to use their brains for thinking.but it is dangerous for kids because they need it for their brains to function properly.
i'm writing about food in english. this time i wrote about sushi, and i'm wondering if the article i wrote makes sense to you native english speakers.
i'm wondering if the article i wrote makes sense and sounds natural to native english speakers.
tuna, salmon, eel, yellowtail, bass, sea urchin, and salmon roe sushi are the most common.
tuna contains a lot of fat so it has a melting texture.
generally, the fattier the better, and the fattier the pricier.
quality sushi also should have the right balance of fish and rice.
eating sushi is very simple.
i focused on practicing listening on toeic today.
my tentative goal is 400 points on the listening part because i want to get more than 750 points on the pretest this friday.
i want to acquire confidence in myself.
i worked from 8pm till midnight last night and the rain was drizzling.
my spanish friend is teaching me how to pronounce castilian spanish.
my mom said she had to remember all the verbs ending in -er, -ar and -ir.
can even a baby eat it?
one of the trends that can be easily noticed is that sales at lunch time are considerably lower that sales at dinner time for each and every day of the week.
the sales at lunch time are around 2,400 dollars on week days, corresponding the lowest sale to thursday with $2,375, the highest value, on the other hand was observed on wednesday with $2,595.
regarding dinner on week days, the sales were around 3,600 dollars.
regarding weekends, it can be seen that on saturday and sunday the sales experienced a noticeable decrease.
in the case of lunch the sales were $1,950 and $1,550 for saturday and sunday respectively.
overall, it can be seen that sales are higher during weekdays than during weekends.
the sales at lunch time are around 2,400 dollars on weekdays, the lowest sale being on thursday at $2,375, and the highest on wednesday at $2,595.
finally, at dinner time the sales on saturday and sunday were $2,900 and $2,200 each.
it is very cheap and i have became able to understand their english well, but i cannot hear native speakers, so i checked the price of native tutors' courses.
they are very expensive and even the cheapest online company provides courses for 10 dollars for a 30 minutes class.
i thought that i do not want to spend 10 dollars to chat with a native speaker, but nobody wants to talk to those who can not speak english well.
it would be very tiring.
it is a common saying that after we get old, nobody will listen to us free of charge.
we have to pay money, basically.
it is very cheap and i am now able to understand their english well, but i cannot hear native speakers, so i checked the price of native tutors' courses.
they are very expensive; even the cheapest online company charges 10 dollars for a 30 minutes class.
it is a common saying that after we get old, nobody listens to us free of charge.
i used to use hallo talk, which is a famous app for language learners.
there were a lot of japanese people wanting to practice english, so it has more japanese who are learning english than those who are learning japanese.
i went online to look at an another app and i found two apps that i can conect with people from other countrins, which were called "speaky" and "hallo pal".
they have several differences compared to hallo talk, but i don't feel anything about them.
these apps allow us to have an opportunity to have a chat with people from different countries.
you can practice the language you are learning, and teach someone who is learning your native language.
i made some friends on hallo talk a while ago, and we went out many times.
if you enjoy a life full of curiosity, it will be easy to learn a language.
i told him the date when i sent it.
there was a boom in this "blood type personality theory" in the 1970s and it received a lot of media attention.
blood type was one of the most popular topics those days, especially among the young.
according to this theory, a person whose blood type is a tends to have earnest, reserved and sensible traits, while a type-b person is passionate, active and creative.
i suppose that one of the reasons for this theory having arisen is the fact that type a constitutes 40% of the japanese population, type o 30%, type b 20% and type ab 10%.
according to this theory, a person whose blood type is a, tend to have the traits of being earnest, reserved and sensible, while a type-b person is passionate, active and creative.
i suppose that one of the reasons of this theory having risen up is the fact that type a people constitute 40% of the japanese population, type o 30%, type b 20%, and type ab 10%.
it seems like a kind of nicely balanced proportion, doesn't it?
when our group started this design project, the final interaction effect is not what was expected as we thought it would be stunning.
however, due to the limitation of our programming ability, we were not able to write a perfect program, but only a general playful interaction device.
in a few seconds, the audience can figure out the correct interaction way by themselves, and then complete the whole interaction experience within the next 10 seconds.
this is just a quick and short fresh interactive process.
last week i met one of my friends who is always eager to talk about herself.
i usually silently listen to her,
but the other day i was preoccupied with something else.
i coudn't witty coment.
i usually sit there silently and listen to her.
i'm having lunch at a restaurant.
they always say "my wife doesn't allow me to have a lot of money, she gives me jpy 30,000 monthly as pocket money, so i need to lessen the expense."
it's pretty common in japan that once you get married, your wife get the right to manage your salary, so no matter how much money you earn, your monthly pocket money doesn't change.
i'm going to take an online course to study marketing at uni starting in april.
i paid the school tuition at the bank today.
i've been a student for a while.
some people wonder even though i have a job, why do i want to study and be a student again.
i've been asked the question "why are you so interested in learning something?"
my answer is always simple.
learning something doesn't have to be a negative thing, it gives me an education.
these days, i have decided to learn english grammar systematically.
so i downloaded a grammar book called "grammar club", and began to learn it.
today, i have studied section two, "noun phrases and article".
i was always confused about the usage of 'a', 'an' and 'the'.
by the way, at the end of the section, there are some exercises to review the content above.
one of the sentence is "he has two daughters; one is a singer and the other an actress."
could you explain me why we don't say "and the other is an actress"?
these days, i decided to learn english grammar systematically.
today, i studied section two, which is about noun phrases and articles.
i am always confused about the use of the articles "a", "an" and "the".
one of the sentence is, "he has two daughters; one is singer and the other an actress."
after over the last 17 years growing and evolving since the year 2000,
, especially corporate culture edifying from long-enduring
brands, the company's founder mr.
technology, tackling and innovations in led flex lights for every
you can find the spirit of craftsmanship in our products and also
you can count on us as a reliable supplier and partner!
even a street named after him was built in his hometown.
unfortunately, i haven't seen this movie yet.
i saw its trailer at the theater when i went to see another movie.
however, the merman in this movie looks scary even now.
but, the merman in the movie is still scary.
i have been introduced to you by dr.
as you requested, we have made a video about our guidelines, but the narration is entirely in japanese.
if that is no problem, we will send you the video.
regarding the mobile application, we can provide the source code.
are you planning to make the application as an independent mongolian version only?
if not, we could embed the application you create into the existing application.
as to the second lecture on the diagnosis and surgical treatment, please contact dr.
hashimoto directly.
which would you prefer?
every year, millions of people move to english-speaking countries such as australia, britain or america, in order to study at school, college or university.
every year, millions of people decide live in english speaking countries like australia, united kingdom or the united states to study.
among them is the fact that english is nowadays the lingua franca, meaning, it is the language spoken worldwide and consequently, it eases the communication between people coming from different parts of the world.
currently, most scientific information is in english, thus, speaking english opens an enormous window that allows people to access knowledge.
given the aforementioned situation, speaking english represents a good skill to have.
a person with the ability to speak english has better job and study opportunities than those who do not. a person with the ability to speak english has better opportunities at getting a job or studying than those who do not.
it is very common to find people who speak english, so english comes to be a valuable tool that breaks geographical and spatial barriers.
over the internet, people can make contact other people with different ideologies, cultures, and customs, then, language is no longer an obstacle for people to communicate.
it is evident that moving to an english speaking country is the best option because living among native speakers allows the students to learn accents and popular expressions used in real life situations.
every year, millions of people move to english-speaking countries such as australia, britain, or america to study.
every year, millions of people decide to move to english-speaking countries like australia, united kingdom or the united states to study.
there are several reasons why people choose to move to english speaking countries to learn english.
currently, most scientific information is in english; thus, speaking english opens an enormous window that allows people to access knowledge.
therefore, english is a good skill to have.
over internet, people can meet others with different ideologies, cultures, and customs. with english, language is no longer an obstacle for people to communicate.
it is evident that moving to an english speaking country is the best option because living among native speakers allows students to learn accents and popular expressions used in real life situations.
attending english lessons at academies is a good option for some people at basic or even intermediated levels, however, in order for people to become fluent the best option is language immersion.
one of my colleagues has bad health, but she is a self disciplined girl.
she keep a regular schedule: goes to bed early and gets up early.
besides, she cooks for herself and seldom eat out.
there were not enough for everyone so we decided who would get one using an app and i was selected as the last person.
since i was last, i couldn't choose one but i got a cute knit hat.
on that day, i went the office empty-handed, so i couldn't put it in any bags and there was still a tag.
today i made a little rice bag and my teacher asked to use it for teaching.
i saw that my roommate's bag was more beautiful than mine and this fact made me feel dejected.
i probably won't go out of my house, although that is an overreaction.
well, i hope it clears up.
i finally bought a new pc.
last week, i posted that "i must replace my pc" and yesterday the new pc arrived.
it was the most expensive purchase i have ever made in my 19 years of life.
this was only the second time i have bought something online.
also i am worried about whether i will still be able to use design software, which uses a large amount of storage, smoothly..
30,000 square meter industrial park in huizhou and a marketing & sales center in
founder, bob, who has over 26 years of experience in the lighting
industry, we are able to develop cutting-edge products with
technology created independently and offer manufacturing
solutions for custom-fit environments.
our products have been approved by an international authoritative
organization and earned many
certificates, as well as over 80 patents in europe and asia-
we continuously invest heavily in our r&d and have established a
how do you come to know things?
i wonder if it's my misunderstanding, or perhaps i read some incorrect information.
i think i was always missing the part that you can first see any doctor.
but the advice given sounds like it's saying that you have to have a home doctor, but i don't have any home doctor in this foreign country, which is a situation i believe can happen to anyone.
i just couldn't fill in the missing information.
well, thinking about it, so many things in this world work like that, at least for some people including me.
my son got really good grades on an exam he took the other day at cram school.
but at the same time, i think he would get much better grades if he became a little bit more serious and studied every day.
it is difficult to make children get in the habit of studying every day, however.
even for adults, it is difficult to get in such a habit.
maybe that is because getting into a habit is very difficult.
here you have a link in spanish and below, another written in english.
i hope it is interesting for you.
first, as for company a, the a-1 system project is in the user acceptance testing phase.
there are no bugs reported.
there has been no progress of the a-2 system project.
the timing of further development is undecided.
the go-live date will be sometime after august.
the same system has already been created for company abc, and takeover work will be the main work.
next, as for company b, there have been no changes requested and we are reporting bugs of the b-1 system.
we were going to estimate the existing b-2 system scale, but it is still in production.
so we are going to do that after backup production server by company efg
facebook
i have a facebook account.
one day a stranger from another country asked to be friends with me.
i felt strange, but i accepted it because i felt it was nice.
after a while, i checked facebook again and was surprised at a situation.
some strangers from other countries like korea and arabic speaking countries friend requested me.
i totally don't know who they all were so i felt little confused.
i have a facebook account.
one day a stranger from other country tried to become friends with me.
i felt strange, but i accepted it because i felt it's nice.
after a while, i checked my facebook and the situation surprised me.
i saw korea and arabic language being used.
i totally don't know who they all are so i felt a little confused.
one day someone from other country made a friend request to me.
it was a little weird but i still accepted it because i think it's fine.
after a while i checked my facebook again and was surprised to find out something.
more weird stuff happened because i received more friend requests from people coming from korea and arabic countries.
yesterday, something went wrong with it.
i deleted it and was going to install the newest version.
it seems that microsoft wants to force windows 10 users to use the windows store version.
it seems that micro soft wanted to force windows 10 users to use the windows store version.
my life in the uk: the japanese don't say " i love you" enough.
in my country, words are nothing and actions are everything.
it's easy to say nice things that cost you nothing.
love is tough and a very strong word for me.
i think japanese people believe that action with consideration is more important than saying " i love you".
you will know and feel how much you and your partner love each other through your actions without saying "i love you". i have an english husband but he doesn't overuse " i love you " which is good and it's just right for me.
i think maybe japanese people don't say " i love you" enough but westerners use the words too much.
it's not good to overuse them because the words will loose their power.
however, it's not that easy to take actions, and sometimes it costs you.
you will know and feel how much you and your partner love each other through your actions without actually saying "i love you". i have an english husband, but he doesn't overuse "i love you" which is good and it's just right for me.
i think maybe japanese don't say "i love you" enough, but westerners use the words too much.
it's not good to overuse them because it'll lose it's power.
as many people realized, lang-8 was slow the past few days.
now, it's recovering.
i was really frustrated at the slowness since i use lang-8 everyday.
i realized that lang-8 is really important for me.
i really want to improve my english, so i need lang-8.
i believe that i can improve my english by receiving corrections from my friends on lang-8.
also, i thought that i should introduce some new english exercises.
i do the following exercises now.
- writing my english journal everyday and checking corrections by my friends.
speaking practice is lacking.
i should introduce a speaking exercise, but it will be a bit hard because i probably can't find time to do it.
so, i think it might be a good idea to replace one of the exercises with a new one, or to alternate the exercises.
today is very cold, even though it was very hot last sunday.
yesterday, she found a memo on my to-do list saying 'call my parents for maintenance on their pcs.'
she asked me about it and i told her that i would visit my parents in the near future.
i had never noticed that visiting was stressful for her.
in such cases, the best solution to consoling her is to just listen to her opinion, not saying any quibbles.
it is very hard to reach an agreement because everybody says whatever they want.
a lot of people doesn't face the reality of the situation and believes that their opinion must be accepted.
the problem is that every people has an opinion and one's opinion sometimes just seems to be ridiculous for others.
so, we have to compromise, even though others look stupid.
a lot of people don't face the reality of the situation and believe that their opinions must be accepted.
the problem is that every person has an opinion and a person's opinion sometimes just seems to be ridiculous for others.
to reach an agreement
it is very hard to reach an agreement because everybody says whatever they want to today.
a lot of people don't face the reality of the situation and believe that their opinion must be accepted.
the problem is that various different people have various different opinions and one's own opinion sometimes just seems to be ridiculous to others.
so, we have to keep looking for compromises, even though you may think other opinions seem stupid.
reaching an agreement
it is very hard to reach an agreement, because everybody says whatever they want to say.
therefore, we have to keep looking for a compromise, even though others look stupid.
i called her and asked to buy hamburgers at mcdonald's.
after lunch, i thought i would be able to go home, but....
though i tried as quickly as possible, i was able to finished it at 2:00 pm.
my main job is just watching the network system.
it's a simple and easy job for everyone, because you just sit in the office and watch the system monitor values.
i mean it's barely shut down for error.
even if it's shut-downed i have nothing to do except calling the server engineer.
so you think i'm just killing time in the office?
no i'm not.
kind of side job is fixing anything electronic like printer, computer, monitor. they even asked me to fix their phone at the office.
what can i do with the phone!?
get a new one, jesus...
or just call the facility team...
they just call me when something electronic is broken.
the nurses in the hospital are young. they look like 20s and 30s.
these days, in korea, there's no one who don't have computer. i bet you.
well that means they have been using computer for at least 10 years.
i think they should know how to solve trifle things like not forgetting their password!
or plugging in an electric plug or just push the reboot button!
there is a pc support team.
but at night they go home and i have to pick up their phones.
so the nurse kept calling me and i tell them to call the pc support team tomorrow morning.
if i can fix it i would've just done it.
today i went downtown to have dinner, then i decided to walk my way back home.
i thought it might be around 7 or 8 kilometers, but it turned out to be 12 kilometers.
i have walked 2 hours.
i don't know if i will recover by tomorrow.
if i do recover, i would like to walk up to 10 kilometers tomorrow.
walking and listening music is a big relaxation for me.
i thought it might take around 7 or 8 kilometers, but it turned out to be 12 kilometers.
i have walked for 2 hours.
i didn't know if it will recover tomorrow from the pain.
if it is going to recover fully i would like to walk 10 kilometers tomorrow.
i walked for 2 hours.
mother's day comes on the second sunday of may.
it is celebrated in the usa, england, germany and some other countries.
it is also observed here in ukraine too.
it is a day when people honor their mothers.
the most important ukrainian holiday is the day of independence, which is celebrated on the 24th of august.
we always celebrate it on this date.
new year's eve, christmas, easter are also celebrated in ukraine.
new year's eve is my favorite holiday because we usually buy a new year tree, decorate our house with garlands, lay the table, dance and sing, and have a lot of fun.
in our country, people usually invite their friends to their homes, or visit their relatives and friends, or just stay at home with the family on holiday.
my city is located in a territory that has a temperate climate.
i'm waiting for spring weather, then it is warm, everything begins to turn green and starts to bloom.
i saw an announcement for a gathering in memory of misao jo in a newspaper yesterday.
then we decided to be members of the saori organisation so we could weave there for a year.
she wrote back that she also used a saori loom and was going to visit saori headquarters.
since she never wrote an entry again, i lost track of her.
i saw an announcement about a gathering in memory of misao jo in a newspaper yesterday.
saori weaving is to weave on her handlooms.
we were able to use any yarns among thousands of yarns placed on shelves around.
then we decided to become members so we could weave there for a year.
i came across a very short japanese entry that an australian woman posted as her first entry.
she wrote back that she also used a saori loom and was going to visit the saori headquarters.
since she never wrote another entry, i lost track of her.
saori weaving is the technique of weaving with misao jo's handlooms.
she used to sit on a sofa or weave on a loom when she was well.
comma question
which is better, or correct, a or b?
a: we see a lot of english words and sentences in our daily lives.
b: we see a lot of english words, and sentences, in our daily lives.
you like to let your dog walk you instead of you walking him.
you like to let your dog walk you and not the other way around.
they were pretending that they liked the food you cooked for them.
we've always tried to agree with you.
the robber got arrested after being on the run for two weeks.
they may have changed their minds, but they are also looking for more tourists and investments from what i have heard.
when people have a better view of arabs they can extend it to the whole middle east, and the converse is also true.
iran also claims that they are trying to provide more opportunities for women.
many women already work in different capacities, however there are actually limitations for women to reach higher political positions.
if saudi arabia does this, then there would be more expectation of iran to facilitate this.
for example, the hijab is not mandatory in some arab countries, but it is in iran.
when or whether this should be resolved depends on many other factors, the most important of which is pressure from the people.
feel free to leave a comment; however, a reply is not guaranteed.
only if you die under the flag of our king,does it make being born in this country truly worthwhile.
for a few days, i have had difficulty logging in to this website.
i don't know why, but whenever i try to log in i get a blank page.
i have to try several times before i'm able to access the website.
nowadays, with advanced technology, the world is getting smaller and smaller.
however, most college students in taiwan do not know about the latest things happening in other countries.
the following are two reasons why i think college students acquiring an international perspective is an important thing.
one reason is that they are taking high level education; knowing the international situation can help them in doing research and getting more knowledge.
therefore, broadening their international perspective can make college students get more job opportunities.
in my view, there are two essential ways to broaden their understanding of world events.
english is one of the common languages of the world.
people who have excellent english abilities can get new information from other countries fast.
second, reading and analyzing the international news: after getting a piece of news, they should try to understand why it happened by searching online or asking the professors.
the new year has left, spring is coming.
i like the spring season.
because everything is growing.
advertising is advantageous for companies, but do consumers really need so much advertising everywhere, invading their minds?
but where is the tipping point between information and manipulation?
some experts claim that advertising could be dangerous for the consumers because it encourages them to buy things they don't really need or generate an anxiety to consume that is harmful to their mental health.
in my opinion, the government is obligated to control advertising, and it should harden the control measures, especially in television, on the exposure to the flood of announcements that consumers suffer.
or is it just me?
i hope it will get back on track very soon!!!
the original is possible. if you are writing more precisely, i recommend this wording - the godaddy web server that hosts lang-8 has been so slow and sluggish these days.
if writing casually, your entry is fine. if writing more formally, i recommend this wording - does anyone know what has happened?
i work in hong kong but live in shenzhen.
my supervisor taught me how to various things in cantonese.
i am getting better in understanding cantonese but still, i have a hard time catching everything my supervisor says.
speaking in cantonese and writing in english is how people work in the accounting or finance industries in hong kong.
cantonese is a lovely language but i have trouble pronouncing it correctly.
i showed my flower arrangement at the school exhibition in february.
i had made my work one month before the exhibition day, but after few weeks, an important flower became nothing in any flower shops.
so, i ordered it from a flower shop, but the shop couldn't deliver the flower until the following day.
i had to hunt around for my flower arrangement materials at other flower shops not only in my town but also in neighboring towns.
however, i couldn't find the flower so, i decided to go to more towns further from here.
when i drove there, i looked at a small flower shop in my town.
i had never been to the shop before, but i popped in the shop, just in case.
after all, i couldn't find the flower.
when i was disappointed in front of a flower case, salesperson asked me "may i help you?"
i told her the story about how many shops i had looked around for the green flower temarisou: it looks like a green ball made of lawn.
she smiled and said, "you can get it here.
by the way, it is unbelievable that the green flower temarisou is still alive!
it is a boarder crossing train and i am going to work.
i had been talking about working in hong kong for quite a long time and now i made it come true.
today is actually my second day working here and i am still on my way to adapting myself to everything in hong kong, cantonese as a new language for me and auditing as a new job for me.
i need to travel 2 hours to get to my company from my current residence.
i am looking for an apartment in hong kong, however, it is very hard with a low income.
i need to adapt.
financial stability is my goal and it is what i really aspire for.
i have to scarify things like privacy to achieve my financial stability.
i went to an english meetup this weekend.
i've attended this meetup five times so far.
i told everyone that i started to write a diary in english on lang-8.
on the day, a few new members came to join it.
they spoke english smoothly.
they were better than i'd thought.
today it rained.
i felt a little bit hotter than any other day this year.
it is pretty hard to give up sweets, to learn english words every day, to tolerate the lack of hot water, to not skip classes, to use cheap cosmetics and sincerely believe in a bright future.
today is the first day of spring, but the weather forecast predicts -18c for tomorrow.
it is possible to talk pleasantly with him about your teeth and not immediately understand that he only pretends to be interested.
in generally, he is real professional.
when i was looking for a job, considering lots of different companies and jobs, i did take some time to think of myself, what kind of job is good for me, what i want from a job, and things like that.
but, after i started working it became clearer what i found fun and interesting by experiencing a lot of things with my current job.
that's pretty much the only reason.
i start to write a diary today.
considering my lazy personality, it may be too hard to keep writing it, but i'll just keep trying it from now on.
today is the first day, so i'll write about what i want to dothis year!
first, i want to get a driver's license.
second, i want to go to korea.
lastly, i want to save money.
are these correct expressions?
always sleepy
i have been very sleepy recently.
maybe because it's spring?
it started getting warm in japan yesterday.
and the flower pollen started to go everywhere.
it's affects our body, especially our nose.
by the way, lang-8 has been very slow recently.
i hope it is fixed soon.
today, i felt a little sick.
i had a little fever.
however, i managed to work for a day.
i'll go to bed early tonight so that i'll recover by tomorrow.
one of the noticeable aspects is that the high-speed railway was built to connect a golf course with the business district and residential housing area situated on the right bank of the river.
another positive difference is that the business district has increased significantly and has almost doubled.
a comparison of the two illustrations reveals that the residential housing area on the left riverbank, as well as the recreation area, did not undergo any development and remained unchanged.
overall, the two maps show that valuable changes occurred in the riverside town after thirty-nine years as a result of the implementation of the infrastructure program aimed to modernize the town.
i didn't learn english for about half a month because i wanted to relax.
but i felt that i have become lazy these days.
so, taking a vacation is not always a good thing.
i haven't studied english for about half a month because i wanted to relax.
the mobility of the foreign labor force
i understand the meaning of that figure.
if they had enjoyed a good economy in nepal, they wouldn't have come to japan.
earning money in japan might be just one way to improve their lives.
if the nepalese economy improves, they will stay in their own country.
in fact, the number of chinese people studying or working in japan has declined, because the chinese economy has gotten better and they don't need to leave china.
moreover, other countries such as south korea and thailand also need to maintain a foreign workforce.
securing a workforce is a competitive global issue.
i figured out the meaning behind that statistic.
earning money in japan might be just be a way to improve their lives.
moreover, other countries such as korea and thailand also need to develop a foreign workforce.
establishing and maintaining a strong workforce is an important part of global competition.
recently, has lang-8 had a bad connection?
it takes ten seconds or more just to open a new page.
at first, i thought my laptop had a problem, but something seemed wrong.
today, it seems that the situation is getting better.
"you are jokey."
"you are joking."
it's hard to get a job because there are too many people trying to work in korea.
also companies want so many things from new employees.
korean companies want job experience from new recruits.
what's more, even when you get a job, they say "you guys have to do more than you are paid to do."
as you know, koreans work so much among the oecd countries.
korean sometimes even call themselves "company slaves".
many parents will be of mandatory retirement age soon.
if they don't make enough money, their children can be breadwinners.
then, the economic situation will become worse and worse and the unemployed will increase.
i'm looking forward to seeing the cherry blossoms.
in japan, it's big news when cherry blossom season starts.
at that time i will go on a picnic with my boyfriend.
yesterday the shizuoka marathon was held.
actually, the first shizuoka marathon, four years ago, was my first full marathon.
i still remember the mandarin orange i ate after finishing; it was so delicious.
unfortunately it was raining back then and i ran with a raincoat, but it seems like it was hot yesterday.
though it's difficult to run a race at your best because the weather conditions can affect how hard it is to run, maybe that's what makes marathons interesting.
by the way, yesterday two good things related to running happened.
i ran around the aichi-ike reservoir yesterday morning and i was surprised when i checked the time after running.
amazingly, it was just 30'00''.
ironically the best thing seemed to be that i dropped my pace after 6 km.
when i visited a sports store casually in the afternoon, i found asics sortie magic running shoes at half-price.
they were the last ones and fit when i tried them on, so i bought them.
i think happening upon new shoes is good thing.
i'm looking forward to enjoying the feeling of running with them.
what is the most effective non-studded winter tire?
here in japan, march is spring.
but the area i live in still sometimes has snowfall.
and then, when i drive my car, i need to keep putting on non-studded winter tires.
the question is, which tire manufacturer makes the most effective ones?
because a lot of kinds of tires exist in the world, i am puzzled by which manufacturer i should choose.
some people think that parents should not have to pay taxes if their children study at home or at private schools, while others believe that it is obligatory for everyone.
i am inclined to believe that, having children or not, everyone should pay the same amount of money in order to maintain a good level of education at public schools.
firstly, for the government it is much easier to receive the same taxes from everyone because it is very difficult to control each family with children and where they study.
for instance, there are many families with children who have been moving throughout their childhood from one town to another because they just like travel.
so, how in this case can taxes be collected?
more than that, children may change schools very often from a private school to a state school, and this means that in one period they have to pay, but in another period not.
secondly, the level of education of the population plays a very important role, not only in the social structure of society but also in the place of a country in the global arena.
in other words, each citizen must be well-educated, but not all people can afford very expensive education, and that is why it is the duty of everyone to maintain an appropriate level of education at school.
despite some people arguing that they do not care, education must be available for everyone because it is a kind of social welfare.
thirdly, the government would have to hire more employees in order to observe where children learn and collect levies from those families where children study at public schools.
consequently, the government would have to bear the cost of the new staff.
your dog almost got hit by a car this morning.
that guy must live surrounded by weird people just like him.
the guy over there told you to fuck off after you gave him crap over a parking spot.
it's very pleasant to come back and see this service still working.
the most amazing thing i experienced this winter is traveling to budapest.
it was a great trip where we visited many places, drove across europe by car and ate local food while celebrating christmas. we had to communicate among ourselves and troubleshoot when problems arose.
i'd like to visit hungary one more time in the future.
hi, i'm an english learner.
every morning i listen english to education radio and do homework like writing some sentences.
i find it hard t and i'm a little bit confused about whether the sentence is right, did i i use proper english..
so i need your help!!
the best way to stay warm in winter is staying at home!
there's no place like home.
why or why not?
i don't use them.
because i am concerned about electromagnetic waves.
so i bought a water mat.
basically it's the same as electric mats but it uses water circulation.
so i don't need to be concerned about electromagnetic waves.
ondol is equipped with water pipes under the floor
and hot water circulation gives off heat.
however, i think this movie is kind of overrated because i don't find anything in the movie that makes it stand out from other movies of the same genre.
the movie revolves around a tribe in africa where lots of state-of-the-art technologies overwhelm you.
it has broken the box office record set by iron man 3 in north america.
i think perhaps because avenger 3 will soon hit the big screen, it kinds of boosts black panther's performance in the box office.
although i almost had made plans to go to the uk, i eventually cancelled all my bookings of hotels and postponed my trip again.
i had been trying to make this dream come true for months, but i finally had to give up my plans.
the fact is that i was not able to squeeze out 2 weeks of vacation this year from my tight work schedule!!!
hopefully, i can at least take a short trip.
so, i changed my destination to hongkong.
let's see if i can make it this time!
how can you smile?
lang-8 makes up a huge part of my studying so i hope it will get back to normal soon.
one of my favorite characters, jirocho, came back to the main story.
i mean, he abandons his wife, daughter, his human heart and everything, so that he can keep a promise to his late friend, tatsugoro.
that promise is to protect the city and the woman tatsugoro used to love.
former episodes introduce jirocho's backstory.
pirako keeps believing in him even when no one else is on his side.
in the latest episode, jirocho regained things he lost and came back.
gintama is getting to the climax.
lang-8 seems to be having some connection problems right now.
lang-8 makes up a huge part of my studying, so i hope it will go back to normal soon.
he gives up being a human.
former episodes introduced jirocho's backstory, which focused on his relationship with his daughter, pirako.
in the latest episode, jirocho regains things he lost and comes back.
gintama is reaching the climax.
lang-8 is how i do a lot of my studying, so i hope it will get back to normal soon.
pirako keeps believing in him even when everyone else abandons him.
i started watching two of the new american drams in english.
one is curb your enthusiasm, and the other one is black mirror.
both were recommendations from my friend from texas.
i have already finished watching season one of curb your enthusiasm and i am watching season two now.
i took a day off from work today, so i was able sleep in this morning.
it seemed that my niece forgot to buy a new notebook for school.
this time, one notebook would solve the problem and fortunately i had a brand new one.
at first, i hesitated to enter their room, but i went inside and told them that i had the notebook for her.
she needed to have a notebook which has square line for arithmetic.
some people think that if the death penalty exists, society is responsible for these killings, and subsequently, it is better to sentence the perpetrators to life in prison even in the case of severe crimes.
i am inclined to believe that the death penalty must exist and should be applied in special cases.
firstly, in the world, there are a multitude of dangerous criminals, who threaten global security.
this means that they are quite powerful and have supporters, who can help escape from a prison.
in other words, there can be a war between the special forces and terrorists for only one guy who is in prison.
all these things are bought with taxes from citizens, and if the death penalty exists, these levies can be spent on other public services and goods.
however, scientists have argued that we can not kill all people who have committed a crime. it can be applied only to very severe crimes, and consequently, the institute of a prison still will fulfill its functions.
so, those who had hoped that after the death penalty there would be a lot of money in state coffers, they were wrong.
some argue that it is inhuman to kill people in our modern world.
more than that, what would happen if already killed people will be recognized by the court as not guilty?
as i have said, the death penalty should exist as a form of punishment in special cases.
today, i did almost nothing because it was raining and windy.
i hope it's going to be less rain tomorrow.
comment: the original wording is possible. do you know the japanese title?
opton a: i don't have to go to work today.opton b: i don't have to go to the office today.
my gentle coworker told me that remember to take a rest, so i read a novel by sayaka murata, a japanese writer.
option a: here is a link about the book:option a: here is a link to the book:
i bought it because i was attracted to its title while shopping online.
convenience stores are everywhere in taiwan; i go to there every week to buy coffee or food.
yesterday, we went to the mountain to visit my uncle's grave.
there were a lot of trees.
when i woke up, my family had gone out.
after i drank coffee, i also went out to see my friend.
i hadn't eaten anything since the morning, so i went to wendy's to get lunch.
when i woke up, my family had already left.
i met with my friend 3 p.m.
i met with him long time ago in the cafe but he sat behind his table.
he was not writing, he was not reading. he only saw nothing.
- what is the order?
firstly: wake up at 8 a.m.
wash in the fresh and clean water.
put on your clothes.
coffee: never
there is a cafe in my street: coffee with modest breakfast.
it's 8.30 a.m.
it's 8.30 a.m. and start working.
yes, write, early morning with a fresh mind.
it will keep for 11 a.m.
wedding after-party
she's 5 years older than me, and married to a guy of the same age.
he also works for our company, but i've never seen him at the office.
we work on different floors.
then i put on makeup.
however, i was very shocked because i noticed that i'd forgotten to wear my favorite perfume to the party.
the bride looked so happy, so many people were celebrating them from the bottom of their hearts, and we had some meals and drinks.
i was disappointed because i thought i could have a full-course dinner, but it didn't end up happening.
we stood the entire time and just took food as much as we wanted.
watching them get married and looking happy made me happy, but in the end it was just disappointing.
photograph
then, i show it to my family or friends my trip stories.
how do you enjoy the photos that you took on holiday or at events?
then, i show my family or friends with stories about my trip.
in addition, i showed my plan to study abroad.
although they looked really surprised at first, they promised to kindly support that.
i feel like i have a nice wife and parents.
please could you explain and give examples of the phrase usage?
i don't quite understand the exact meaning
could you please explain and give examples of how to use the phrase?
i don't quite understand the exact meaning.
my motorcycle is light because it is an off road type, so i was a little scared.
on my way home, i rode my motorcycle, and the wind was strong.
on my way home, i rode my motorcycle, the wind was strong.
it rained heavily today.
on my way home, as i rode my motorcycle, the wind was strong.
my motorcycle is light because it is a off road type, so i was a little scared.
my motorcycle is light because it is an off-road type, so i was a little scared.
i was able to see page 2 of this site for the first time in about three days.
- she's dating rich guys.
today, lack of sleep is a problem that cannot be overlooked.
one of the reasons for this is that society works on the assumption that many people stay up far into the night.
devices that emit light may also make our body clock out of order.
today, it rained heavily for the first time in a few weeks.
it was warm, too.
the connection is still bad.
it happened when i was on my to school, for the sake of not being late, i ride faster and faster.it happened when i was on my way to school. for the sake of not being late, i was riding very fast.'for the sake of not being late' is technically correct english, but we would say 'because i didn't want to be late'.
it was not until i discovered that pain in your car, did i realized that i have made it.i think what you are trying to say is, 'it wasn't until i hit your car that i realized i had made a mistake.'
at first,i did want to stay here for apologize to you face to face.i wanted to stay here and apologize to you face to face.
"sir ambroise, to begin with," continued the former commissioner of yard, pitiless.
but he was so fragile, his heart sick - he could never climb up the stairs - and this illness made him look older than he was.
i think a parent's role is very important to children from infancy to adolescence.
many people think there are two options.
one is the parent's role.
the other is the environment.
people who think the parent's role is important is children is immature, dependent, irresponsibility.
so they would imitate their parents.
adolescent students or defiant children follow their instincts.
parents have an obligation to raise their child as a good person.
the other people who think the environment is important think about the relationship between children and their friends or tv.
because we have changed from extended families to nuclear families, almost all of which are double income, parents are no longer role models.
and they are interacted each other.
today, it was rainy for the first time in a while.
i heard that this week will be rainy almost everyday except tomorrow and day after tomorrow.
women earn as much money as men nowadays.
women earn as much money as t men earn nowadays.
women earn as the same moneymen earn nowadays.
i am back on lang-8.
it has been many years since my last sign in.
i have studied english for more than 10 years and had little progress.
i can listen and read in english well but can't speak and write as well.
because i did not study hard before, i have decided to study hard from now on.
i will write one article on lang-8 everyday.
and i hope that you can help me improve my writing.
painkillers tablets try to not transfer pain to your brain.
because of this mechanism, you don't feel any pain.
however it depends on the severity of your pain and the amount of medicine you consume.
some people like me try to avoid using them, because if you use them for every pain, the drug won't affect your pain like in the past.
on the other hand, this way your body needs stronger painkillers.
does the phrase "down to the bottom" sound natural?
i went to the test room and there were five english teachers.
when it was my turn to test, i was taken to a seat and there was my favorite teacher.
with my favorite teacher there, i thought, "i want to do the test and speak well."
i live in tokyo away from my "real" house due to my job.
last weekend, there was an event and i stayed at the house for the first time in a while.
then sunday night, sudden heavy snow fell, and it paralyzed all the public transportation systems.
my mom told me that i should stay until the traffic jams cleared up.
other family members kept looking at us as we were talking and leaned forward so that they could hear us well.
they also agreed with my mom's opinion.
i can't give a detailed explanation because i don't usually watch the historical play of japanese well, but i would like to an easily explain it.
i watched the drama because i had a lot of free time yesterday.
i can't give a detailed explanation because i don't usually watch japanese historical dramas, but i would like to try to give you a general idea about this drama.
nevertheless, i quickly re-arranged my gear loops before bringing the clanking and clattering to an end by stashing everything into my bag.
even more interesting was what i found when i followed his gaze.
i had to look twice, though, to realise that the huge, white bird that was turning somersaults in the treetops was in truth a plastic bag, an ordinary, white plastic bag of the kind tourists carry when they come out of a souvenir shop.
so, what was all that about?
lang8 started functioning again.
so, what was all of that about?
this week i will do the night shift.
i don't like the night shift because i have problems sleeping in the morning.
i'm feeling better today.
my nose isn't running as much.
my sore throat doesn't hurt as much.
i have less of a runny nose.
i have a less runny nose.
we hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
the only unalienable right is that you can take exams by yourself, you need to prove you are worthy to live in this world, otherwise you have no rights at all, and you should not be respected.
i have been studying for eiken grade pre-1.
it is very difficult to learn phrases and words.
i wonder why i have to study such difficult phrases and words to get the grade.
i rarely use them in daily life.
the topic of the writing test is especially difficult.
for example, the topics are "do you think that japanese married couples should be allowed to have separate surnames?" and "today, some automobile companies address the development of self-driving cars or driverless cars.
these are tough to answer in japanese too!
i wish i could learn more practical english.
of course, i know i should learn various expressions.
also, we rarely use kanji on the japan kanji aptitude test grade 1.
there is a period in which foreigner say something in japanese so students and teachers take time to prepare it every time.
i enjoy teaching japanese with my senior who introduced the class to me.
she is an undergraduate from a university but i don't belong to any particular group so far.
though i'm japanese, i'm not good at japanese. so years ago, i decided to study english and japanese together.
at first, i looked for books to study with and i read most of roald dahl's stories.
since i had to decide on what i would report about, i went to a library with a lot of english children's books at hand and chose a target book.
a nearby library is inconvenient because english books are mainly stocked in the basement.
at another library, i borrowed four series of comedies.
i'm afraid my internet connection is unstable.
i don't have an optimum environment or a cutting-edge router.
so i can't spend a lot of time correcting people's posts.
there's been a snowfall in moscow again.
all around is just covered by snow again.
i'm waiting for when it will be warm because i want to ride my bicycle.
and i want to do a lot of walking.
i'm tired of sitting at home.
last year it was warm at the beginning of march, and i walked about in my coat.
but now i must still wear my winter jacket.
yesterday i wanted to go for a walk in a park, but the weather was too bad.
so i sat at home and watched twin peaks by david lynch.
it's an interesting tv series.
it's been snowing heavily in moscow again.
but now, i still have to wear my winter jacket.
i saw people doing a fund-raising campaign on the street yesterday.
they were speaking out to gather donations from people passing by.
i know it wasn't easy to speak up for a while outside.
a man who dated with me last night asked me to be his girlfriend, but i refused because i didn't like his character.
i like gentlemen.
i went for the interview this morning.
when i knew the salary and benefits are not good for me also need work overtime often,i feel bad.
i haven't done that for a long time.
i ate roast beef with champagne.
also, the manager explained the meat and showed us how to eat it.
what i do for health is just exercising regularly.
it's not a hard thing to run everyday or go to the gym.
i do  easy things like go to the station without using transportation.
in general it seems younger people don't care about their health.
it's certain that the time flies so fast.
it means everybody gets older so fast.
although you could enjoy a certain time, you couldn't enjoy all of your time unless you care for your yourself.
for example, you will have your own family, a spouse, children, and you hope to be with them as long as you can.
the hope wouldn't be fulfilled unless you've been caring about your health since you were younger.
i can imagine younger feel health sounds like.
they want to work to go up the career radar and play with close friends while they are younger.
please just remind yourself to care about yourself and pile something a little bit healthy.
the bedrock will show up when it is low tide.
it feels like it is telling us all the life on earth comes from the ocean...
at the sea of kaikoura, it may be similar scenery from millions of years ago.
i feel like that.
when i walked the walkway, i met many cattle that were grazing.
spacious hills and a beautiful sea, you guys feel so great, right?
knowledge is power
many times we have heard from parents and teachers the phrase "knowledge is power".
this kind of power is such that it doesn't live in our muscles, or in heavy and strong machines.
knowledge helps people to understand the laws of nature, human relationships, the world, and then use them towards a desired direction.
for example, i try to learn something new in addition to my school program.
i prefer to read books, watch movies, or just look for some extra information on the internet.
it helps me to be versatile and intelligent, but in my opinion, at school we should have lessons such as history, which teaches us to understand what is right and and what is wrong and what is good and what is bad, as well as psychology, which can teach us how to communicate with people without arguing or how to understand other people.
also, we should learn how to become a successful person or how to become a leader.
i think it can be really usefulbecause we should know how to use our time, abilities, opportunities and information.
today, it is often said that the main wealth of this century is information.
what's your favorite japanese home cooking, or rather, what would you like to eat?
i might have a guest from abroad and in that case i'll have to prepare some meals.
do you have any authentic japanese restaurants nearby?
do they have a variety of foods besides sushi, tempura and teriyaki?
if you have any recommendations, please tell me.
what's your favorite japanese home cooking, or what kind of home cooked meals you would like to try?
do they have a variety of food besides sushi, tempura and teriyaki?
what's your favorite japanese home cooking or dishes you like to eat?
i might have a guest from abroad and in that case i'll have to prepare a meal.
today is the first day of a week.
it's been a long time since i last posted here.
i didn't study english in all that time, so my english has been getting worse.
by the way, it takes me a while to open lang-8's pages.
it makes me a little irritated.
how about you?
when i find beautiful scenery, i pull my car over and take a break.
i take out lunch and sit down on a bench.
it's a quiet and luxurious moment that no one could disturb.
hinamatsuri
it was the doll festival this weekend in japan.
i wished for my daughter's growth and health.
hina festival is held to wish for the growth and health of daughters of each family.
i just came upon an expression "take this job and shove it", reading a book.
i didn't get the meaning of this, and after i consulted some dictionaries and googled this and that, i found the famous country song titled "take this job and shove it." according to wikipedia, "take this job and shove it" became a popular phrase as a result of the song and it also became a snowclone phrase.
i didn't get the meaning of this at first, but after i consulted some dictionaries and googled this and that, i found the famous country song titled "take this job and shove it." according to wikipedia, "take this job and shove it" became a popular phrase as a result of this song.
discovering a light source billions of times brighter than the sun
it is located in the whirling water galaxy and is about 31 billion light-years from the earth.
some specialists used to think it as a black hole.
however, recent research has proved that 3 sub-ulxs is actually a super-condensed neutron star.
yesterday i had some spare time, so i went to the shopping mall to buy something with my older sister,
i couldn't find anything that i liked.
eventually, i was just looking around some shops.
i chose the white iphone x and it cost my mother and father 92,000 rubles.
apart from looking cool, my new phone has many new features.
firstly, the front camera has become more powerful and so on.
finally, the new iphone includes a powerful chip, the new a11 bionic.
this is one of the most expensive model phones, but this model has many advantages.
some bitcoin investigators go to terrific lengths to keep their wealth.
40 minutes is allowed for the hike.
one of the most popular activities is to walk on a hiking course to see quiet nature and historical buildings.
time will be allowed around 40 minutes.
there are different many reasons that some people believe that success in life comes from taking risks or other believe that success results from careful planning.
in my opinion, i believe that success in life comes from taking risks or chances because there are advantages to taking risks.
to begin with, there are a lot of social issues such as an aging society, the declining population, and the recession.
with the development of technology, we are required to get special skills.
therefore, success in life comes from taking risks and chances in modern society.
however, i became interested in sociology after taking an economic course.
i thought that i could take a chance and study both economics and sociology.
i studied harder than many other students.
even though there was a risk involved with taking both courses at the same time, i was able to succeed.
as a result, i obtained a better job.
secondly, there are many opportunities that will present themselves if you are willing to take risks in life.
for instance, when i was a university student, i took teacher's license courses.
it was very hard to take economics and sociology courses as well as teacher's license courses.
this was the most important part of my time as a student.
before i met them, i was so shy that i couldn't talk with people.
i could not only learn knowledge but also have a wonderful encounter.
thus, taking risks and chances could lead to a better future.
in conclusion, i strongly believe that e success in life comes from taking risks and chances.
therefore, the success in life comes from taking risks and chances in modern society.
however, i was interested in sociology after i did an economic course.
even though there were a risk to succeed in both courses, i managed to achieve both.
for instance, when i was a university student, i took a teaching course.
it was very hard to take ecnomoy and sociology courses as well as a teaching course.
this was the most important part to of a student's life.
before i met them, i was shy and couldn't talk to other people.
i changed after i met them.
thus, taking risks and chances can lead to a life asset.
in conclusion, i strongly believe that the success in life comes from taking risks and chances.
what is the meaning of life?
i only could say that i hope to have more chances to go out and see the world.
i wonder if i have been able to do something every spring because this is a time when we meet new friends, and leave the old behind.,
who is them?
i have to keep changing in a good way.i have to keep changing for the better.
am i still the same as what i was last spring?
would they like to see me again?
i've been pressed for time, but i know that there's no excuse.
do i deserve for them to want to see me again?ordo i deserve them wanting to see me again?
got access to lang8, finally!
this morning, when i got out to work,
there was a little rain.
but now, there's sunshine again!
i like the warm sunshine of everyday!
i took three job interviews in the end.
i got out of the house at eight thirty, and i finished the last interview at about six.
it was the first time i found nanjing was so big and got the feeling i would get subway sickness.
if everything goes smoothly, i will take that job offer.
because at this olympics, although the team was in substandard conditions, coach kim managed to pull curling team together and led the team to work in perfect harmony.
b: i usually wear a skirt and a blouse to work.
a: what clothes do you usually wear to a party?
b: for a party i usually wear a dress and shoes.
i like coach kim, who is a korean curling team coach.
because at these olympics, although the team was in substandard conditions, coach kim managed to pull the curling team together and led the team to work in perfect harmony.
my daughter leaves the hospital today.
she is do may best, while she was driped to arm.
today, her arm's needle of drip is removed for her arm.
i'm glad that she can move freely.
i can't help crying, and i have a runny nose.
i might have hay fever.
i think tissues will dramatically decrease.
i was in my room in the darkness, lying on the floor, when i felt something on my arm and i grabbed it.
of course after i shook it off my arm i killed it.
i had my fingernails painted with nail art
i had my fingers done with nail art at a hair salon the other day.
my daughter's friend started working at the salon as a nailist in january, so my daughter insisted that i go to her salon.
while having my nails manicured, my daughter's friend and i talked about a lot of things.
i shared my current situation related to english study with her as well.
i like the nail art so much.
however, the normal price is very expensive.
i had nail art painted on my fingernails
i had nail art on my fingers done at a hair salon the other day.
my daughter's friend started working at a salon as a nailist in january.
i had never thought about having nail art on my fingers.
during my manicuring, my daughter's friend and i talked about a lot of things.
she went to kansaigaidai university and studied english in new zealand for four months.
i shared my current situation relating to english study with her as well.
about my fingers, the nail color is pale pink.
some of my fingernails have pearls, shiny stones and stickers of roses, and all finger have the golden sprinkle.
i like the nail art a lot.
i think my daughter's friend was doing great.
i only paid the campaign price this time.
i had nail art done on my fingers at a hair salon the other day.
it was my first time having it done.
during my manicure, my daughter's friend and i talked about a lot of things.
back to my fingernails, they are now pale pink.
some of my fingernails have pearls, shiny stones and stickers of roses, and all my fingers have a golden sparkle.
i think my daughter's friend is doing a great job.
i only paid the sale price this time.
i'd like to have beautiful nails like this, but i don't know if i will do it again or not.
i had never thought about having nail art done.
it was my first time having my nails done.
she went to kansaigaidai university and studied english in new zealand for four months.
i told her about how my english studies were going, too.
i think my daughter's friend did a great job.
i only paid a discounted price this time.
regarding my fingers, the nail color is pale pink.
some of my fingernails have pearls, shiny stones and stickers of roses, and all fingers have golden sprinkles.
i think my daughter's friend did great.
a new employee will come to my office tomorrow.
he is the successor of me, i will quit my job this may.
she looked very much alike to her!
last weekend i went to a ski area
and i took a ski lesson.
i think my muscle pain is the after effect of all that skiing.
i finally begin to work this april, but i'm worried about one thing.
it is that i don't have enough knowledge about our society.
of course, nobody knows the society before entering the society, but i especially don't know about the society.
many people get such knowledge more or less while they study in university, but my major was welfare, so i didn't have any opportunities to touch these fields.
did you worry about these matters before starting to work?
it's said that there are many stressful situations nowadays.
there may be many people who are suffering from relationships at school or work.
i imagine that they all have their own stress relief methods.
it seems that the number of people who practice bonsai as a stress relief method is increasing overseas.
i thought bonsai was for old people, but i'm surprised to hear that recently, it's been popular for young people as well.
questions and answers.
q: when did bonsai become popular?
that's because a lot of bonsai were exported overseas from japan after 1990.
q: what kind of tournaments are held?
more than 1000 buyers visit not only from japan but also many other countries.
a: "bonsai" originally started in the heian era when the "basin scenery" which
had been performed during the tang dynasty in china entered.
in the edo period, bonsai, as well as gardening, was a very popular hobby.
i wonder who will carry the envelopes with the winners' name this year at the oscars.
i am not a huge fan of this event but i guess i will watch a bit of the ceremony.
do you remember the mistake in the oscars last year?
at the time the organizers said that the couple who carried the envelopes with the winners' name will be fired.
i remember they both were workers in an accounting firm pricewaterhousecoopers.
at last year`s ceremony the couple of presenters made a mistake and they named to "la la land" as the winner of best movie, but they were given the wrong envelopes and instead of saying that "moonlight" was the winner as best movie, the presenters said "la la land" was the winner.
it was embarrassing to see the casting of la la land on the stage accepting that they were not the winners but instead moonlight was.
i wonder who carried the envelopes with the winners' name this year.
maybe the couple from last year were actually fired.
up until now i have not read anything about it.
do you remember the mistake at the oscars last year?
t a the time the organizers said that the couple who carried the envelopes with the winners' name would be fired.
i remember they both were workers from the accounting firm pricewaterhouse cooper s.
in the ceremony last year the presenters made a mistake and they named "la la land" as the winner of best movie, but they were given the wrong envelope and instead of saying that "moonlight" was the winner as best movie, the presenters said that "la la land" was the winner.
it was embarrassing to see the cast of la la land on the stage accepting that they were not the winners since moonlight was the winner.
i wonder who will carry the envelopes with the winners' names this year.
i've just worked out, and now i head for a kick boxing gym.
i have a plan at night, but i'm free until then.
i'm going to meet up with some friends whom i met when i studied abroad.
we wll be four people in total, two of us are men and the rest are women.
i get along well with the man, so we go out for a drink once a month.
even though his day off is basically on sunday, he doesn't have days off on weekends, so we don't have many chances to meet.
i haven't used lang-8 for a long time, but i want to study english here again.
please tell me my mistakes in english!
the path to my goals.
i am from russia but now i'm living in vienna, austria, and i study at the university.
pass an international english exam with level b2-c1 by august 1st, 2018.
pass an international german exam with level c1 by january 1st, 2019.
other goals:
get a job offer.
i will write here what i do to achieve my goals every day.
if you have any recommendations for how i can achieve my goals, just write them here.
in many families, it has been traditional for parents to choose their children's professions, while in other families children choose their future careers by themselves.
i can see advantages in both situations, however i am inclined to believe that future professions should depend on children's choice.
on the one hand, choosing a future career by children themselves has a myriad of advantages.
if teenagers choose what they really want to do, they will like their jobs and be quite successful.
for instance, if a child has been really passionate about design since childhood, parents must not dissuade him from doing it.
more than that, they have to contribute a lot so that this job will give him success and a feeling of his place in life.
on the other hand, sometimes it is good to listen to the advice of your parents because they have a greater experience of life, and that is why their suggestions may be quite useful.
for example, a good friend of mine had hoped? on his parents, but his results were not successful.
and as a result of a wrong choice, he may be casually employed, suffer from stress, cold front?. subsequently, some people decide to enrol at university once more but in their favorite subject.
to sum up, despite some people thinking it is better to follow parents' advice, others may argue that children must have a choice and choose their future life for themselves.
as i have written, it is better to let children pick something out and only sometimes pay attention to advice from their parents.
on friday night, i met up with my friends, and went to izakaya to drink.
after that, we went around some places to drink and do karaoke.
it lasted until 5 am in the morning, and i arrived home at around 7 am, but that was really fun.
also i hung out with other friends on saturday night.
we also played some games and were still awake at around 4 am.
these days were great days and this picked me up!
also, they have to work part-time at convenient stores, for example, to make enough money to live.
also, they have to work part-time at convenient stores and such to live.
also sometimes they to work part-time at places like convenient stores.
as a result, they have to work as a part-time employee at a convenience store for a living.
also, some of them have to work part-time at places like convenience stores to make enough money to live.
a foreign body will be approaching the earth soon
a sub-planet called 2017vr12, whose diameter is 488 meters, will pass over the earth at dawn on march 7th, according to newsweek.
nasa classified it as a possibly dangerous object.
however, the distance between it and the earth doesn't exceed 1.4 billions kilometers - it is both safe and enough near length for people to watch it through a house-telescope.
although calculating how big a sub-planet is from such a far distance is very difficult, researchers can do it.
they can predict its size upon measuring its light intensity, but this method can be erroneous.
considering how bright this object is, its light level could be the size of something bigger.
some people think that life in the 21st century is easier, more innovative than it was about 100 years ago, while others believe that their ancestors were better off than now because they did not know about certain global problems, didn't need to check their email each hour or simply because they were able to live for themselves at their own pace.
however, i am inclined to believe that modern life has introduced a lot of innovations and discoveries.
it is more exciting to live now because we develop in different ways, know more about things and think broader.
firstly, modern life has introduced a myriad of innovations in our everyday life, consequently, it life has become easier.
for instance, we can use the internet to communicate with friends or siblings or use search engines to find useful information.
we don't need to spend time cooking or goings to the movies because we can do it all online.
moreover, other gadgets like smartphones and other appliances make our life easier.
another development is the advancement of transport systems which have made it possible to travel quickly from one country to another.
unfortunately, all these innovations cause global problems like global warming, pollution, and other major issues, but with developments in technologies, people will overcome these problems in the near future.
secondly, now we still getting used to a myriad of professions.
for instance, 100 years ago people did not have the same amount of occupations we have today, but since that time, technology has been developing and now we have professions like vr designers and developers of artificial intelligence and so on.
in other words, people, who lived a couple of decades ago, couldn't imagine the professions we have today.
more than that, now we can obtain knowledge that was totally inaccessible a century ago and we know much more about space, our planet etc.
it all improves our ability to think broader, and subsequently, people think more globally than our ancestors who thought mainly about their own problems.
to sum it up, despite some people believing that life was better a century ago, others believe that it is now both easier and better.
i agree with the latter opinion because the world has become more interconnected that is why modern life is better than it was in the past.
some people think that life in the 21st century is easier, more innovative than it was about 100 years ago, while others may suppose that their ancestors were living better than now because they did not know about some global problems, did not check their email each hour or just simply that they used to live for themselves, at their own pace.
it is more exciting to live now because we can develop in different ways, know lots of things and think more broadly.
firstly, modern life has introduced a myriad of innovations in our everyday life, and consequently, it has become easier to live.
for instance, we can use the internet so as to communicate with friends or siblings or use search engines to find any necessary information.
we should not spend time on cooking or going to the movies because all of them we can do through the internet.
another development is in transport systems because we can travel very quickly from one country to another.
however, all these innovation cause global problems like global warming, pollution and other major issues, but with so many developments in technologies, people will overcome these problems in the near future.
secondly, now we are still getting used to a myriad of professions.
for instance, 100 years ago people did not have the same of occupations, but since that time, technologies have been developing and now we have professions like vr designers or developers of artificial intelligence and so on.
in other words, people who lived several decades ago, just did not imagine such professions.
more than that, now we can receive more knowledge than was accessible a century ago and know a lof things about space, our planet and so on.
all of it improves people's ability to think more broadly and subsequently, people think more globally than our ancestors who thought mainly about their own problems.
to sum up, despite some people believing that life was better a century ago, others believe that now it is easier and better.
i agree with the latter opinion because the world has become more interconnected and that is why it is more interesting to live nowadays.
i am thinking of taking the toefl or another english proficiency test, but i need to study a bit more.
studying one language is hard, and studying two is even harder, but i will try my best.
i understand a lot of english, but listening to people speak is a bit difficult for me, and i even forget a lot of words, but i will try to do more listening for this test.
since i had drunk too much on the previous night, i woke up late.
my wife and my daughter had already gone out to work or to hang out.
i sometimes eat takoyaki that is usually stocked in the refrigerator.
i think that the frozen takoyaki that i buy in amazon is really useful for busy people.
one pack contains 60 pieces of takoyaki.
i usually warm up five takoyaki in the microwave oven for three minutes.
no sauce or no mayonnaise is ok.
i recommend the frozen takoyaki to everybody.
yesterday was a warm sunday, so i went jogging.
i had some difficult homework to do.
i quote two examples below.
an ocean is the largest.
a sea is larger than a lake.
a major is the most important.
a captain is more important than a sergeant.
i quote a few of them and add my answer to them.
a town is the biggest.
platinum is the most precious.
gold is more precious than silver.
a road is wider than a lane.
what does "precious" mean at no.3 question? here, it means valuable.
it wrote "gold is the most precious metal."
now the following are my questions.
i'll do numbers 5 to 8 after i have finished 1 to 4.
today i went for a walk and noticed two gangs of youths standing face to face and watching two guys fighting in the center.
it was afternoon and nobody gave the slightest sh..
some passer-by stopped for a moment to get a better look but none of them called the police or anything.
by the time i had walked out of the shop on the other side of the street both gangs had disappeared.
on this picture two armies are standing in front of each other watching two warriors fighting.
i read somewhere that this is a very ancient thing which originates from our ancestors.
if one of them wins, the whole pack it belongs to has won.
if the leaders are equal and neither of them can win, then it is time for the packs to get involved.
scientists say that this type of behavior was created by nature deliberately to prevent our species from dying out in endless fights.
it is raining hard now, and i only have a folding umbrella.
he's got 74 rec, 1,549 yards and 13 touchdowns in the last 6 game.
on the pitch he is very well respected by teammates as well as opponents.
his name is very well known, even over state.
he has already cups, jeans, scarves, hats, and shorts with his name on them.
last saturday a local television station aired for the first time the commercial in which he is the protagonist.
there was a local campaign on television last year with the senator mcfly who said -please do not open your door if you smell a bad odor-.
it showed a swarm of flies hovering around a blue and gold door.
blue and gold are the colors of the state.
this morning cronemberg is on the field.
-hey man, how are you doing?- say his friends
-no problem, we'll easily win today cap- assures the coach
this is in fact the last game of the season and it is very very important for the team to win and to have statistically good individual performances.
after the game he returns to his apartment.
he lives all by himself.
there is silence in the building.
he walks up six flights of stairs.
couch net told him that he was a real champ and if he wanted to live by himself he could.
no question about it.
he opened the door carefully.
he double checked that there were no flies around, then, he closed the door carefully and took a shower.
he ate what he was supposed to eat, strictly following the diet instructions.
-you are absolutely not fat-.
there was also what one called 'the additives'.
medical supplies, completely legal, that he took every day after a game, win or lose.
he put these little bottles of additives in front of him in 3 rows.
mr buger told him to take only 1 row of additives per day.
-did you hear me little boy?- asked mr bug.
-did you hear me?- he recalled him adding something before reminding him -no more than 1 row per day-.
-don`t drink more than one row of bottle, captain, ok?- said the old coach.
have you understood me, son?- he asked and then asked again- you got it?
the day after that it rains the whole day.
they inspected the place to find evidence.
they looked at each other clueless.
he looked around to find evidence of any kind but he found nothing.
journalists from the local newspaper and tv were waiting outside.
he explained that the young boy had suffered from an aneurysm and had probably passed away while sleeping on the couch.
its slow tempo with relaxing sounds always makes me happy.
yesterday, a sunday morning, felt like how the song sounds to me.
i woke up on time and did my chores slowly with my wife.
we enjoyed chatting while doing them..
on the top of that, we had a small dinner party and we also took a nap.
all was right in the world yesterday!
convenience or studying
i moved my working desk to another building last week.
from this week on, i work in this other building.
since this building has many companies in it, many people stand in long lines in front of elevators every morning.
to arrive earlier, i need to take a train 15 minutes prior to the one i was taking until last week.
although i need to leave my house earlier, the time i'm in the train is shorter than last one.
it is good for me and for my back because the stress on my back is lessened.
however, the time i can study english is now shorter than before.
this movement is both good and bad.
when i attended an it conference in the past and listened to the speech by mark jarvis, oracle chief marketing officer then, he gave the audience an anecdote of the top it manager and a genie:
the genie declines because it's beyond his ability.
i want to get maximum customer satisfaction." to this, the genie says, "well, how many rains do you want on the bridge?"
that seemed to be the punchline and the audience laughed without me.
most japanese speakers cannot discern the "l" sound and "r" sound clearly as they are listening to english speech.
when i attended an it conference in the past and listened to the speech by mark jarvis, then oracle chief marketing officer, he gave the audience an anecdote of a top it manager and a genie:
the purpose of this report is to outline how our body language can change our mindset and what kind of hormones are released when we pose in a high-level position or in a low-level position.
i will reflect on the benefits of our body language, and i will give some tips for doing job interviews and speaking in front of a crowd.
in the same way that you come to a meeting and scrutinize who is the leader or the alfa, your brain gives an opinion about how you are doing and how appropriate your behavior is in a relationship.
however, the way your brain categorizes you determines the way you are supposed to act.
our brain cheats us in a powerful way.
keeping an open body gesture for two minutes allows us to release testosterone, which helps us to maintain a positive attitude and limits our level of stress.
given that, when you are in a stressful situation, if you are able to keep a positive posture instead of freaking out, you will be more capable of overcoming the situation and being successful.
breathing, being in the present and keeping a high-level position will help you to overcome the hardest situation that you can face.
if you are in a stressful job position or even if you want your improve your lifestyle balance, i strongly recommend that you study your body language on a daily basis.
it would help you to think more positively, to overcome stressful situations and to be a more confident speaker.
the purpose of this report is to outline how our body language could change our mindset and what kind of hormones are released when we pose in a high-level position or in a low-level position.
i will reflect on the benefits of body language and i will give some tips for doing job interviews and speaking in front of a crowd.
in the same way that you come to a meeting and you can tell who is the leader or the alpha, your brain gives you an opinion about how you are and how is your behavior is in a relationship.
the way your brain categorizes you is the way you are supposed to act.
our brain cheats us badly.
amy cuddy says that we can change that if we are conscious of our posture and we keep in a high-level position.
keeping an open body gesture for two minutes allows us to release testosterone, which helps us maintain a positive attitude and limits our level of stress.
if, when you are in a stressful situation, you are able to keep a positive posture instead of freaking out, you will be more capable of overcoming the situation and being successful.
breathe, be in the present and keep in a high-level position: this will help you overcome the hardest situations you can face.
it would help you improve your positive thoughts, overcome stressful situations and be a more confident speaker.
it's becoming harder and harder to write an entry or comment on lang-8.
also, the corrections or comments can just vanish after you click send.
it's also keeping people away from using the site.
it's becoming harder and harder to write entries or comments on lang-8.
it's keeping people from using the site.
why is the debate over medical cannabis blocked when it comes to them?
why is the debate about medical cannabis blocked when it comes to them?
104-2 last week was the second time the price for transportation has gone up this year.
104-3 unfortunately, many terrorist incidents have happened in this century.
104-2 last week was the second time the cost of transportation has gone up this year.
104-3 unfortunately, many terrorist incidents have occurred this century.
you made this story up.
it felt extremely hot today!
i went to ski resort.
today was warm like it is in may.
i graduated in march 2012 in the commerce stream.
after i completed my graduation, i started to seek a job.
but i did not get any job. i stayed at home for six months, and then luckily i was offered a job as an accountant in a construction company.
i started my career in october 2012 with a subcontractor company where i worked as an accountant.
i worked there for two years. after which, i was offered to switched to a big company where i served for around 4 years.
i feel tired.
recently, i cannot have a day off on every saturday.
i have to work as hard on saturday as on a weekday.
i really want to have two days off in a row on the weekend...
she has worked with three firms so far, including a telecommunications company, and has met people with various ethnicities, values and sexual orientations.
when her clients told her "i will continue the contract with your company as long as you are in the company", she felt very grateful.
i want to catch up with the best english learners all around the world, but i think i don't commit enough to that task.
albeit i learn new words, expressions or idoms every day i don't get the impression that my english level has improved
i would love to have a casual conversation with a native speaker day in day out but it's tremendously diffucult to do.
despite the fact that it's diffucult in my town to find native speakers it's not an excuse to not try find other ways to speak english.
i could pay a teacher online once or twice a week and exchange a few words on different topics. i know it isn't too hard.
moreover, i also started listening to these songs!
also, i want to go to karaoke with the members!
what anime did you watch in your youth? in your childhood?
in addition, what anime songs do you like?
also, i want to go to karaoke with them!
i went to see my grandmother this afternoon with my mom.
grandmother is ninety-three years old.
she is too old to wash her head and feet.
we help her with things she needs to do.
there was a big smile on her face, like the sun.
grandmother wants us to visit her often.
things which we use when we eat rice.
people who study in schools.
people who make laws.
there are now a lot of discussions about english education in japan.
entrance examinations for university have been very difficult and complex when the text is russell's essay, for example.
however, the world has become a much smaller place these days and global communication is needed, so some officers, politicians and english teachers assert that students must study more speaking skills.
according to the mlit, many people move in march and april because of transferring their companies or the entrance of the universities.
the reason for the lack of workers is because increasing online shoppers makes the transportation companies busy.
the minister of mlit, ishii, commented that he was afraid it might be impossible for people to move when they plan to.
japan trucking association is handing out the brochure that asks the people who plan the moving to change the date so as to make less congested on the roads.
i wrote several basic questions which are used in coaching sessions and my answers to these questions.
being in an environment where i can learn new things
move first, worry less
what i have experienced being engrossed in is:
reading fiction books, solving programming quizzes
today, i was preparing for the trip for tomorrow.
whenever i go on a trip, my luggage is heavy.
i want to reduce it!
the picture on the right shows another doll from today.
the doll festival has finished.
the dolls for the festival were changed to other dolls this morning.
it is said if the dolls for the festival were exhibited past the festival day, the daughter will get married late.
while some people think that all pulis must have classes in a foreign language from the earliest grades, others may argue that a foreign language is only an option and if children do not want to study a foreign language, it should not be obligatory for them.
for instance, despite the fact that the un is an international organization, it requires knowing two languages: english and french, without which you can not be an employee there.
bi-lingual people can go to work in another country and read and write documents in another language, or they can continue their academic career after school and enrol at a university in another country.
people who know another language can communicate with people or find a lot of friends in other countries.
in other words, they can be familiar with a myriad of cultures, traditions and be a citizen of the world.
secondly, studying a foreign language improves children's ability to think more creatively and deeply.
in other words, they are used to listening to and seeing familiar words, however with time their brains get used to new vocabulary.
to sum up, there is an opinion that for teenagers language classes should be studied from childhood.
as i have written, i agree with this opinion because it has a lot of advantages for their future and it develops their ability to think.
no one told you that you had your fly down.
if somebody would've told you that you had your fly down, you would've taken care of it.
what word do you use for when you want to close your fly?
do you use the word "close"?
i don't want to use "taken care of it."
if somebody would've told you that you had your fly down, you would've closed it.
in japan, employees at eateries also deliver foods when they get orders from customers, whereas staff at eateries in ny are completely separated from delivery workers.
life for people in ny is basically hectic.
how can we improve the situation for these employees?
this is my preparation for ielts part 2.
i wrote a script for speaking.
the language is to be one other than english that you would like to learn
it is the french language that i would like to study.
the french language is the second most popular language in japan.
the locations where the french language is spoken e includes, of course, france and some african countries like senegal which many people who study french visit to learn it as it t doesn't cost as much as it would in france.
the difficulty is that i assume in french i comprehension is difficult because the french language is spoken so fast and liaisons occur so many time.
these make  it difficult for me to understand whatever is spoken in french.
on the other hand, the easy thing is that french grammar is similar to english grammar.
this enable me to learn french easily as it is comparable to english.
the reason why i would like to study french is that i would like to study in france in the near future.
currently, i am interested in artificial intelligence and considering entering a university.
in france, the tuition fee is almost free so that they can gather competent students from all over the world.
that's what you get for having your pants off.
that's what you get for not wearing your pants high enough.
that's what you get for not wearing your pants high up.
do i have my fly down?
the buds on the cherry trees are about to open.
i prefer to study alone because i can focus on my study easier than studying in a group.
i want to get a good score on the toefl test because my dream is to study abroad and a higher toefl score is an advantage in my career.
last sunday, i went to the library near my house and studied english.
i studied with word books to increase my vocabulary, listened to podcast programs using my iphone, and wrote some short essays to improve my writing skills.
i did anything that i wanted without worrying about others, and i had a great productive time to study.
at the end of the day, i tried a practice test and got a good score.
i prefer to study alone because it is easier for me to focus than when i study in a group.
i want to get a good score on the toefl because my dream is to study abroad, and a higher toefl score is an advantage in my career.
i studied word books to increase my vocabulary, listened to podcasts on my iphone, and wrote some short essays to improve my writing skills.
i did anything i wanted, not caring about others, and i had a very productive study session.
there were some waves of protest against such an amendment on the internet.
a seemingly knowledgeable person explained the logic behind the amendment: president xi has to renew his terms in office when they are over because xi loyalists have not succeeded in annihilating the anti-xi forces yet, and once he leaves his position as president, they will step in, causing uprisings and general unrest.
as this amendment is temporary, it will lapse and matters will revert to the status quo ante when the right moment comes.
president trump even showed his support, calling xi "a good man", and saying america should give it a shot one day.
xi might be the second man after mao to continue his terms in office until he dies.
i was in charge of lectures on the history of literature for the new semester.
they tend to end up just memorizing the name of the work and the author.
when i'm alone
when i'm alone, i always feel very sad.
everyone probably wants to forget certain days of their lives.
to me, a day when i gave a speech when i was 25 is still troubling me.
i gave a lot of thought over many days about how i can give a good impression to other people.
however, i made a huge mistake.
i changed my script before the day i gave the speech.
sometimes, the thin line that divides reality from fiction becomes blurred and paves the way for incredible stories such as the one i'm about to tell you
the last rays of sunlight were giving way to night when the old turtle calmly floating on its trunk heard an unusual sound coming from the sky.
there appeared two flying toads, each of them on a lily pad.
the sky was full as if it were raining toads.
not even the other animals seemed to understand what was happening.
all of them were identical: huge, fat, brownish-green stained with spots skin, bulging eyes that seemed to look nowhere and a big, satisfied smile on their faces that gave them an almost martian appearance.
the moonlight illuminated a sky full of flying toads that broke into the houses, taking advantage of any gap.
at 4:38 am or so, just before the break of dawn, all the toads flew aimlessly as if disoriented, as afraid that the morning sun would discover them flying in the sky outside their pond, until they found a dog that, without saying a word, began to guide them to the place where they thought they belonged.
later on with the first rays of light, their smiles were wiped off their faces discovered that the sun made the magic wear off and the water lily leaves stopped flying, falling in a nosedive into the pond as if part of a biblical plague.
next tuesday at the same time, the last rays of the day seemed to project onto the wall of an old barn what looked like...
she likes it very much, and she was looking forward to wearing it at the recital.
however, not everything worked out smoothly.
m., but he was not able to ride fast on his bicycle.
i got angry with him because he seemed to be moving too slow for us to reach the rehearsal stage on time.
in the end, we managed to get there on time and he was able to attend the rehearsal.
his performance wasn't very praiseworthy, but he did his best.
when we had practiced this morning, however, she had not been able to play the tune well enough, and often made big mistakes.
maybe she does better in front of audiences.
i am highly motivated to fill the challenge of your patent clerical position, where i believe my skills and experiences will contribute greatly.
i have experienced four different clerical jobs, a cardboard manufacturer as a regular employee, and three public offices as a temporary employee.
i can work on several tasks at the same time, accurately and quickly.
i majored in english literature at my university.
working on patent related jobs is the best for me because i can make use of my english skills and improve at the same time.
also, i think this job suits me. i've felt happy to find something new every day while improving myself in the field of a clerical job, english and music.
i would like to be one of the specialists of intellectual property at your patent office and contribute to the development of the industry.
my friend and i were looking on airbnb just now for a cozy and dreamy room in london for our trip.
but we started thinking that hotels in london might be preferable..
the room was so cozy and the cost wasn't extravagant..
while we had to talk entirely in english to the owner, she was so kind.
my friend and i were just looking for a cozy and dreamy room on airbnb for our trip to london.
but we started thinking that hotels might be a better choice at the moment.
the number of the people who are over 60 has been increasing in japan, while the number of the people who are less than 20 has been decreasing.
that means that the burden of the young people will be very heavy because now 3 young people have to look after 1 old person, but in 30 years 2 young people will have to look after 1 old person.
he fixed the broken computer.
she sat on the broken chair.
she sat on the broken chair.
i sewed the unstitched shirt.
he's an interesting person.
he's interested in buying it.
owing to his character, he'll be alone.
he went prior to going to japan.
he is the boy from the other school.
eat your food in place of being able to play.
in the evening today, i will be attending an orientation for a temporary job that begins from tomorrow and ends friday.
i'm supposed to help with a meeting, called a "one on one meeting".
it takes place in a hotel room. japanese companies listed on a stock exchange that are looking for investors are given a room, and foreign investors visit the rooms.
during the sessions, the investors check in at the information desk, and then they go to the rooms.
it sounds easy, but when i did this job before, i was confused and almost made mistakes because i was in charge of a few rooms when a lot of people? showed up at once.
in addition, the investors entered the room ignoring my roll call.
i have to be calm.
this evening, i will be attending an orientation for a temporay job that begins from tomorrow to friday.
it takes place in a hotel room, and listed japanese companies that look for investors are allowed to use each room, and foreign investors visit rooms.
it sounds easy, but when i expcerienced the job before, i was confused and about to make mistakes because i was in charge of multiple rooms at once.
i have to calm down.
it's such a beautiful sunny day today that i can't believe it will be raining tomorrow.
in my region, we have had warm weather for the last several days.
the washing i hung out just before noon already dried out.
i want to do something enjoyable on such a peaceful sunday like today, but unfortunately, no good ideas have come up with me.
have you noticed some problems with the lang-8 login in recent days?
in the last few days, i had some problems navigating the lang-8 web page, and the problem was not only with login. even if i wanted to correct some entries, the page never loaded.
just on saturday night was i able to enter this web page, correct some entries and write these paragraphs.
i hope these problems end because it is very uncomfortable not being able to access this site.
who likes to encounter problems while navigating the internet?
i do not think that the problem is with my internet connection because other pages are available without any problem.
now that i am writing about lang-8, i remember that i wanted to recommend this website to my nephew, but i almost forget that new subscriptions are not available anymore.
it is a pity because this page is very useful in order to learn a foreign language.
my nephew is learning english in an institute in my city. he already understands when someone speaks english, but he has some problems understanding english grammar.
have you noticed some problems with login to lang-8 in recent days?
finally on saturday night i was able to enter this web page, correct some entries and write these paragraphs.
i learned english. i have learned english.
economic growth and environmental degradation have been two terms in the same sentence for a long time.
developments in technology have brought about various environmental problems.
some believe that people need to live simpler lives in order to solve environmental problems.
in my opinion, technology plays a big role in sustainable development.
living a simple life is one way to solve environmental problems, but let us be honest, everybody uses technology in their daily life.
also, many industries depend on developments in technology, such as in manufacturing, communications, energy, international commerce, and so forth.
on the other hand, there are a bunch of initiatives and project outreaches that could help to solve these problems.
for example, there are many studies related to alternative energy sources like solar energy, wind energy, biomass energy, etc.
these kinds of projects could reduce the use of fossil fuels.
additionally, many findings show good results in inventions such as electric and automated cars, systems of recycling and reuse, advanced bio-refinery, and the list goes on.
today, i'll write about what i've been thinking about regarding my job.
there are several reasons why i have been thinking about this.
one is that the food industry is so stable that pretty much no one quits their job or moves to a different company.
as a result, the average age of an employee is very old.
i respect my coworkers who work hard and always do a good job, but, on the other hand, it's not stimulating nor inspiring.
i should have done more research on this before joining the company, but one never really knows what it will be like until they actually become a part of it.
one is that the food industly is so stable that pretty much no one quits their job or moves to a different company.
i respect my coworkers who work hard and always have good performance, but on the other hands it's not stimulating and inspiring.
preston garvey is also one of the player's companions, so you can go adventuring with him once you are allies with him.
he becomes even more useless than a randomly spawned settler.
preston garvey is also one of player's companions, so you can go adventuring with him once you ally with him.
after that point, preston gets furious and disappointed at you, so you can't interact with him as a companion anymore.
that justifies how he reacts in this situation, but as a player, i thought, "i just did that to simply enjoy the dlc!
i took a bath and got out right now.i took a bath and just got out.i just got out of the bath. i just finished taking a bath.
i really like a bath but today i'm so busy.i really like taking a bath, but today i am to busy.
i cannot easily say daily sentences.i cannot say daily sentences without pausing to think.even common sentences still require thought for me.daily use sentences are still a struggle for me.even common use sentences still don't come easily for me.
our school will end on march 15th.the last day of school is march 15th.i finish this year of school on march 15th.
the graduation ceremony is on march 15th.
that is a candid decision.
i try to dissuade them from cancelling the mission.
three months have passed since i moved to boston from california.
it is popular to run along the charles river, which runs from the center of boston all the way to the west, and i often run there too.
there are nice trails on both sides of the river.
you can see many runners any time of the day, even on snow storm days.
on weekdays after work, i only run three miles along the river, but i see more than fifty runners during my runs.
it is encouraging to see a lot of runners, both serious and casual.
in california, there are many runners, but one is much less likely to see runners on a rainy day, even if it is only drizzling.
soon the boston marathon will be held.
i am excited about seeing many elite runners from all over the world.
when i read a juvenile story called "holes" in the past, one of the characters has a nickname of "x-ray." i was intrigued by the fact that this name of x-ray was a product of a fictional language called pig latin.
i didn't know about pig latin before.
there is also a language game like pig latin in japanese.
therefore, japanese pig latin is far more simpler than english: remove the last sound from the word and put it at the beginning.
however, speakers of japanese may think of the combination of a consonant and a vowel as one sound and you don't aware specific consonants consciously.aware+consciously=redundant
therefore, japanese pig latin is far more simple than the english one: remove the last sound from the word and put it at the beginning.more simplenot short words like "big" get "er" to become a comparative.longer words get "more"bigger, smarter, fastermore intelligent, more expensive
by the way, i think "holes" is very engaging and well-written story. i recommend this to anyone who hasn't read it yet.intriguing and interesting are redundant togethercaptivating, engaging, interesting, intriguing are all very similar so they sound odd together.
i made it a rule not to eat between meals and to exercise at least three times a week.
what is the most effective method to succeed on a diet?
recently, i started a diet.
so, there is this guy i know from work, he`s mexican. his name is jose.
it was too funny, he came from a city or a village with the longest name, guadalupa, guantaladupa, the fuck i know.
when he joined us at the farm he was the worst, he had no clue about how the work should get done and he also was the laziest of the guy, you know?
most of my job consists of walking through them with a watch while they`re picking and pretending that i`m timing them.
hey, i`m not sayin` they`re saints or whatever you wanna call`em, i am not saying that.
they take of their interests all right, you know what i mean?
if they hire mexicans they do it to save money.
it is what it is.
one early morning i found him around a corner smoking the good stuff.
"hey yo motherfucka, what are you doin`?
you betta go to work now." the motherfucka glared at me smiling and started moving his ass.
"hey come here jose," i said. "what are you smokin`?" i took the dark cigarette from his fingers and took some drag.
so since that day, we have been smoking marijuana every morning before work.
i even chipped in a couple of times.
"but i am your boss, remember".
we changed the place where to do it `cause we didn't want to get caught.
"so jose," i used to mock him, "who is your boss?" one time this lazy guy gave me an answer i still can`t wrap my head around.
he said, "you ain`t my boss.
you ain`t no ones boss around here, man.
you don`t have the words." what the fuck he meant i `ll never know.
i am italian all right, i came here speaking better english than everybody around here and this motherfucka told me i have no words.
"go to work motherfucka," i said.
he kept the blunt around his fingers for a while then put it out and left.
i don`t have any words.
see, i am not against immigration; i am not even against illegals to be honest.
they do their jobs all right, i guess.
americans need to do other stuff if they wanna pay their mortgage.
i kinda recognize that we need them.
but if you legalize motherfuckers like this, they would learn some english and pretend to have better jobs than we have.
in ten years we are all screwed.
i mean, they need to pay their dues as everybody else, does that make sense?
the wall, well the wall is all good; it is pure gold.
because they will understand we don`t want them here, they will keep in mind whose the boss `round here motherfuckers.
you hear that right.
jose was neither good nor bad, to be honest, just a little lazy.
he worked, minded his own business, earned his 3 dollars per hour, and went home after sunset like everybody else.
only in the morning, we had our little affair with the a little marjiuana.
this morning he wasn`t there.
fuckin' jose, where the hell are you?!
it makes me work well with zero thoughts, focused on the job.
i see these two guys comin` towards me, juan and pedro.
they`re kids.
"hey fellas, where the hell is jose?
do you know?"
-they look at me speechless like something is wrong, i`m italian for christ`s sake and i know what i am saying.
"what`s wrong with you guys?
i am going to tell the boss now if you don`t rat him out, right here, right now" i want to sound intimidating and catch them by surprise so they couldn`t ignore me and just confess.
but they were resisting..
the sun blinds me even though i'm wearing sunglasses.
they move fast enough between the rows picking..
they follow a kinda rhythm, nobody is too slow and nobody is fast or hectic.
even girls work here sometimes.
we reach a place where everybody gather to drink some water but i can`t stop, if i stop i'll faint, if i stop, i am done.
it is an open space between two plantations, it is just 20 feet large.
"well?" i say.
and the two guys, pedro and the other say "here`s jose, senor".
i kinda figure it out more.
there are this tomato plants, very well kept, of a good red and ready to be picked.
"we shall pick him up?" ask the two guys a little confused.
"the hell i know" i say. "i have to ask my boss"
after i finish my work today, i'll have a day off tomorrow.
so i'll do my best to finish my work today, but it'll be rainy tomorrow, so i'm sad.
anyway, i want to have a good time today.
is lang-8 going to be closed? or: will they close lang-8?
i'd heard that lang-8 has suspended new member signups and would begin accepting new members again by march of this year.
however it's already march, and this site isn't working well.
it has become worse than before.
i'm not sure if i will succeed in posting this entry or not.
i discovered this site in 2015, but had a long hiatus.
anyway i've been enjoying it here since late last year, but...
in case, i'd like to say good-bye to lang-8 friends.
in addition, doing physical activities which are not related to our work is great not just for our physical health, but also for our mental health.
on the way to tokyo tower, we passed a lot of places, saw a lot of scenery, including many houses, buildings, bridges, rivers, and greenery.
it was a lot of fun, and taking the time to ride my bicycle is a great way for me to relax.
as my stylist said to me that you came here after 10 months, i was really surprised.
as i increased my workdays, only friday is my day off in weekdays.
i have something important to do in weekend.
so, the internet connection was cut.
spring has come, so there are a lot of stray cats in heat caterwauling every day and night.
they are always running around on parking lots.
when i walk my dog, he always makes a mad dash for the stray cats, so i have to take extreme care to prevent a conflict.
spring has come, so a lot of stray cats in heat are caterwauling all day and night.
summarize the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.
the bar chart below gives information about challenging situations people from 18 to 55 year and over face when living abroad.
for 18 to 34 year old people the most challenging situation is making friends at 46%, followed by finding somewhere to live, which is at 40%, and finally 29% of the people ranging from 18 to 34 year old find learning the local language as a challenge.
thirty nine percent of the people from 35 to 54 years old think an important issue is finding a place to settle down, 36% perceive making friend as an important issue and 35% of the people think learning the new language is challenging.
today, i got up at 10:30.
after i got up, i went to get a massage because i felt pain in my neck and shoulders.
in the afternoon, i went to akasaka gyoen with my boyfriend.
lang-8 has been loading pretty slowly lately.
from few days ago, the response time of lang-8 is again getting slow.
if the response time is too slow, it will cause users make a breakaway from this system.
some people say the government should not put money into building theaters and sports stadiums instead they should spend more money on medical care and education.
some people think authorities should spend more money on medical care and education instead of investing money in building theaters and sport stadiums.
even though medical care and education are vital for us all, they are not the only things determining the welfare of human beings.
first of all, we should consider that the activities performed at theaters and sport stadiums contribute not only to our physical health but also to our mental health.
it is evident that sports require physical activity that helps us maintain our bodies in good condition.
but it has been scientifically proven that practicing sports also promotes mental health.
it is also healthy to stimulate our brains by doing artistic activities and watching plays would be one of those activities.
secondly, activities like sports and art allow people to explore their minds.
all things considered, governments should include education, medical care, sports as well as entertainment in the budget of a nation, giving of course, the highest amount of money to the areas that are of the highest priority to society.
i seldom go on business trips now, but i had gone on a business trip to hirosaki-city, aomori-prefecture almost every week 10 years ago for the monitoring of a clinical study site.
the site had no experience with clinical studies, so i needed to go to the site every week by plane.
the clinical study was very challenging, but we were able to accomplish it.
by the way, the lang-8 site doesn't work well now, does it?
i have interned in moushi daily and i was responsible for the yiyu caifeng column, which duties include writing, auditing and editing english manuscripts of the editorial department.
in my spare time, i taught myself some multimedia software such as photoshop, and worked as an intern in an advertising company during my summer vacation.
i have interned in moushi daily and i was responsible for the yiyu caifeng column, where my duties included writing, auditing and editing english manuscripts of the editorial department.
in my spare time, i taught myself multimedia software such as photoshop, and worked as an intern in an advertising company during my summer vacation.
spring has come!
since the end of last year,
i have been cold and i can't stop coughing.
my health condition has not been so good.
today, on the way to the gym, i heard about holi festival.
last wednesday, ddd-san wrote some sentences in english as hints.
but today indian people in the park had make up with colorful powder.but today i saw indians in the park with colour powder on their faces.
i got two pieces of tandoori chicken.
btw, some kinds of biriyanis were also being sold.
a member of the board of education went to an elementary school for an inspection.
in language learning it is very important to memorise the many words and get used to them.
i am almost asleep. good night.
the city of montreal built on an island in the saint lawrence river.
these last two days were hectic days for me.
i traveled from one place to another, carried lots of luggage, and didn't even eat my lunch for the whole day.
at last i finally reached my destination.
unfortunately my room was locked, so i was trying to call my house maid, but her number was out of coverage.
i stood outside the door, and i didn't know what to do. i was extremely hungry. luckily her number was reached and she picked up my call. i told her to get my key as fast as possible, so then she came and brought my room key.
i suppose that's why i grew up as a feminist is that i had learnt feminism from this kind of sci-fi or fantasy when i was a child.
he got tired of his friendly messages being ignored.
i froze in shock and horror.
it tried to heal myself by reading.
i had no idea why i put it in my rucksack before i left my flat this morning.
can anyone help mecorrect these translations, please?
ted might have bought some bread on his way home, even if he rarely does it.ted may have bought bread on the way home. but rarely does.
may it go on like this?
a virus erased many of my files and i didn't have any back-up.
the day before yesterday had strong wind and was cold but, yesterday was fine and warm.
some people died because their cars could not move due to deep snowfall from the storm the day before yesterday.
it was very sad news.
yesterday was a contrast.
do you think that the students' council should have a voice in deciding about the future of the university of warsaw in cooperation with the university officials?
the university of warsaw is an institute where very a lot of students study,
the biggest part of the university is the student body, but all decisions concerning the university has always been made by the university officials.
is it right or maybe students' council should give their voice as well?
as part of the university officials, they come people who were studying before, who has experience and for who the most important are students because students create all society at university of warsaw.
they know also the history and needs of the students the most, so they have the right to impose new things.
on the other hand, the students are also mature people and also they want to create a good place where they can studying and new students can study as well.
the day before yesterday was very windy and cold, but yesterday was clear and warm.
some people died in cars that could not move due to deep snowfall from the storm the day before yesterday.
i moved to tokyo to change my jobs.
i already miss my friends.
i was very happy, but i became sad.
i have a lot of stuff to do this week, so i'm able to distract myself from being sad.
my new job will start soon.
study to death!!!!
i started wearing a face mask to avoid allergies.
i also wear glasses so i have to think about a way to keep them from fogging.
anti-fog face masks are costly so i'm using anti fog spray on my glasses instead.
write a letter to adrenalin adventure asking for more details
i have recently seen your advertisement in an international newspaper.
first of all, there are seven of us and we would like to go on 12-13 august.
could you please let me know if there are any vacancies for those days?
secondly, i would be grateful if you could tell me what the lowest age permitted is because one person in our group is only 17 years old.
thirdly, would it be possible to sleep in single occupancy rooms?
finally, the advertisement mentions that the cost is 199 pounds per person.
i wonder if you could tell me if the cost per person includes meals and the equipment rental.
yes, this dialogue is from dragon ball, and most japanese people know this scene.
i've been watching the dragon ball series since i was a child.
the new season, dragon ball super, is going to end soon.
he is a saiyan, which is a combat ethnic group.
a few saiyans can transform into super saiyans, and once they become super saiyans, their hair turns from black to gold and gets stronger.
the dialogue above is when goku becomes a super saiyan for the first time by finding out that his friend, kuririn, has been killed.
anger is the trigger to becoming a super saiyan.
in the new season, he fights gods and the strongest fighter in universe.
for your information, here is the ascending order of strength.
also, funnily, most characters are named after vegetables, food or underwear.
i've been watching the dragon ball series since i was a kid.
he is a saiyan, which is a race of fighters.
a few saiyans can transform into super saiyans, and once they become super saiyan, their hair turns from black to gold and they get even stronger.
fyi, here are the levels of strength, from lowest to highest:
it's said that it's tough for even a god to master the ultra instinct.
also, this is pretty funny, most characters are named after vegetables, food, or underwear.
my day started at 6.00 am, i did my first shift, when i finished my shift i went to the hospital to get michela's medical report.
later i arrived home and i cleaned my car.
now i'm studying english and at 6.00 pm i will prepare dinner.
i started golf this year.
so i went to a driving range.
i practiced for an hour.
i am not good at golf yet, so i think i should practice more.
actually, making a decision was difficult for me before.
because i was thinking too much, and then i took many risks into account.
so i'm trying to change my personality, trying to be able to believe my tuition.*
in my experience, asking other people would help make a decision.
they give me an opinion from an objective standpoint.
when i was looking for a job, i only considered what i wanted to do.
however, some other people such as my friends and teachers said that i had better think about working conditions, and they were right.
asking other people is a good option for me, to take some time to calm my mind down.
i found many people together in one place so i approached there.
there was a time bargain for socks.
there were many kinds of socks for men and women and variety colored socks.
many women stretched their arms and looked for socks.
this week it's really cold and rainy in my village in spain.
it's been hard to live with this weather for so long.
it's boring because i can't go running or walk to my job.
so, it's difficult for me to get used to it.
in fact, in winter the temperatures are almost always above zero.
this winter, the average temperature has been 9 degrees centigrade during the day and 1 or 2 degrees at night.
it usually rains very little, only 20 or 30 days during the winter.
i was wondering what the weather is like in your city.
how can you live with it below zero for months?
or, if you live in a tropical place, how can you live with moisture and heat?
one thing that annoys me when using the mobile phone is the auto-correct function.
it is always trying to replace my spanish words with english words.
someone has putting boiled chicken breast strips in the alley where my house is every tuesday and friday night for the last two weeks.
i don't know why but i would put them in front of the back door but they were put at the end of the alley.
i thought it was for a stray cat.
it is girls' day.
hinamatsuri is a day to pray for the health and happiness of young girls.
for more variety, sometimes we change the decorations of the places we live in.
to do this, having a big house will be easier than a small home, because a small flat doesn't have enough space for you to change everything.
therefore you need to think more about every change.
for changing a decoration, you don't need to buy any new stuff.
just try to show your creativity for making new designs for your rooms, halls and so on.
as a result, do every change that makes your space more enjoyable for yourself, not others.
boomerang by michael lewis: review
my impression of this book is still fresh as i read it last week.
the author writes about how several developed countries behave as if they were third world countries.
he does it with a sense of humour and in easy language.
there are 5 chapters, each of which cover one of the following countries - iceland, greece, ireland, germany and the usa.
iceland is a waterlocked state, whose population is about 300,000 people.
the interesting things started to happen when they found a new industry to develop.
that was the investment banking industry.
despite the fact that there were few people who understood anything in finance, this idea became wide spread.
normally, there are three approaches to investing money.
the course?of your stocks is also growing fast.
you hold your stocks till the moment when you earn enough, and decide to get into the cache.
you buy a large part of the shares of a company in a poor state, and improve its performance.
when their market capitalisation is growing after that, you get into cache.
there are few people who possess this knowledge in iceland.
they invest plenty of borrowed cheap money in companies outside the country without appropriate knowledge.
the borrowings became too big even at country level and the bad quality of the debts were revealed.
the course? of local currency went down.
taking into account that all the debts were in yen and swiss francs, all the people were in debt.
they needed to pay 3 times more than the current price for property.
for instance, they needed 100 k usd to pay off a car that cost 30 k usd.
some people expect to live happy in heaven and some people believe in an afterlife.
however, first of all, we should make this world peaceful for ourselves and the next generations.
however, this seems to be the same with us as well.
we should not punish others but live with them.
it is a two-room apartment located in the centre of the university campus and diagonally opposite to the main canteen
the apparent had a beautiful kitchen with a dishwasher and a dining table, where we cook and socialize.
the available room is 12 m2 with a window that offers a greeny view.
near by we have various shopping possibilities and good transport services to the city center.
the room has already some furniture and it was painted in white a year ago.
about 100 m from the appartement there is is a large park, where you can jog, barbecue or just chill out with friends.
in the vicinity there is also a river, beach and the sports center of the university.
in that case you could keep the apartment if you want.
watch out!!!
what happened to lang-8?
i tried to connect this morning, but i couldn't.
i'm glad i was able to write a diary entry in the end.
whenever i post, i think about what i want to post.
in the end, i couldn't think of anything i wanted to post yesterday.
although i faced my pc for a while since i coming home, i couldn't think of anything at all.
that person might not realize it, but every time i encounter this person the pain grows.
every time is like an ache.
i shouldn't let this feeling go to far.
i will drown myself with this feeling, eat this feeling, and act like nothing is wrong.
i shouldn't make this feeling go to far..
maybe you will be angry with me?
or maybe you won't be my friend again?
i took a walk with jjanh-a to enjoy the nice sunshine.
army is ready to respond to an attack of terrorists within fifteen minutes.
army is always ready to respond to a terrorist attack within fifteen minutes.
i was talking about okra with a black american woman.
okra is originally from africa and now has spread all over the world.
my part time job yesterday
my part time job yesterday was very busy.
i work at a restaurant and many people came there.
i don't know a lot of things in this job because i started it recently.
however, visitors didn't know that so they asked me many things.
she been sneezing and has eye mucus for the past few days.
she eats as usual and takes long walk in the night.
however, her beautiful face is marred by eye mucus.
i carefully wiped around her right eye with a tissue to remove the mucus.
after i finished, i tried to wipe her left eye.
the mucus would be removed when she grooms her face with her paws.
does the previous sentence work if i use "anything" instead of "something"?
my pc froze when trying to access lang-8
today my pc froze several times when trying to access lang-8.
i couldn't log in.
i could access other websites no problem.
my pc froze while i was trying to access lang-8
i was able to access other websites without having any issues.
your friend found out that you were the only one who kidnapped his dog.
nice sweets
the store isn't located in a crowded area but many customers go there.
actually there was a long line even though i went there 10 minutes after opening.
so only 3 pairs of customers could eat there.
kawazu-sakura, known as early blooming cherry blossoms, are in full bloom next to the bell tower of hongaku-ji temple.
a small bird came to pick up the flowers nectar.
the cherry blossoms beside the main hall usually start blooming around the middle of march.
yesterday and today, lang-8 is extremely laggy.
i'll eat it for lunch because i have leftovers.
i'm wondering if i make curry udon noodles.
my computer is acting sluggishly, and so i will post my message on my iphone.
incorporating this data into the database is a requirement.
programs that allow all the resources to be operated effectively are needed.
as you see in sentence 2, there are long subjects in the sentence
could you please spell out the reason for me?
is it hard for you to understand the meaning of these sentences?
in japan, spring will come soon.
trees will regain greenery,
i'm getting excited that only i'm thinking so.
to see how the situation is
if our situations are not looking so good, we should admit it.
someone who doesn't face the reality of the situation can never clear up the problem.
life is hard and it isn't often like what it is supposed to be.
it's no use saying,"it's supposed to be so!"
one might ask, "why isn't it so?" we should just admit that our situation is bad, and start to look for a way to solve it.
life is hard, and it isn't often like what it is supposed to be.
have you ever had one of your teeth pulled?
i certainly have several times.
when i was a little child, i had a rotten tooth.
i was scared of going to the dentist.
i was still haunted by the last time i went there, when he had pulled three of my theeth during one appointment.
so, i was intentionally waiting until the rotten tooth fell out of my mouth by itself.
then my dad threw it up on the roof.
it's been a very long time since my last post.
today i'd like to write about my university life.
i'm in the 5th year at school of medicine.
i have studied diagnosis and treatment of diseases at the hospital for an year.
i spent 2 weeks in each department, and i wrote reports about patients in the department.
at night, one man is hiding in the dark by dr-f's laboratory.
dr-f has developed numerous wonderful medicines in the past and it is said that he is about to finish a new one.
he peeks from a window of dr-f's room and finds that he just stashed some document into a safe.
after dr-f has gone to bed, the thief furtively picks the window, sneaks into the room, and opens the safe, dialing the combination as dr-f did.
he fetches the document inside and gets away.
returning to his hiding place, he tries to make the medicine, consulting the document, because he cannot sell them unless he knows its effect.
he takes the medicine and relaxes on his couch waiting for whatever effects to happen.
after a while, he abruptly stands up and goes to dr-f's laboratory.
the effect of the medicine proved successful.
this was intended to reform bad guys, but i had trouble getting test subjects bad enough to affirm the effect.
he peeks in a window of dr-f's room and finds that he just stashes some document in a safe.
the effect of the medicine was proven successful.
at a conveyor belt sushi restaurant
the lang - 8 website has been very slow these past few days.
it times out again and again.
i am sorry that i cannot make good progress with correcting your posts because of that.
this could be a problem on the lang - 8 side because i can connect to other sites as usual.
"would you please help me repair my bicycle," he asked.
i guess most of you have already realized, but lang-8 hasn't been working very well since last night.
it's takes so long to renew my page and sometimes just a blank page appears after correcting entries.
lang-8 had been working without any serious problems for a while, so i was surprised that it started to work so slow and couldn't reach the page that i wanted to go to last night.
last summer, there was a rumor that "lang-8 will be closed soon," and all the members were worried about it.
a scammer tried to get members' information by using this rumor.
the lang-8 administration announced that they would never close the lang-8 and were thinking of accepting new members again this spring.
it's march now, spring!
it's the time that they mentioned before, so i wonder if they're preparing for a new lang-8 page layout.
it might just be my wishful thinking!!
i guess most of you have already noticed, realized it, but lang-8 hasn't been working very well since last night.
it's been so slow to renew my page and sometimes just a blank page appears after correcting entries.
i can't go to my main page, but it seems that i can post an entry.
lang-8 had been working without any serious problems for a while, so i was surprised that it started to work so slowly and that i couldn't reach the page that i wanted to go to last night.
last summer, there was a rumor saying, "lang-8 will be closed soon," and all members were worried about it.
the lang-8 administration announced that they would never close lang-8 and would be thinking about starting to accept new members again this spring.
it's march, its spring!
it's the time that they mentioned, so i wonder if they're preparing a new lang-8 page.
that's why it might be slow.
102-3 japan's foreign exchange reserves decreased in the first half of 2005.
an installation is content that displays on a screen on a wall with a projector and it interacts with people's movement.
i said, "i am sorry, but i don't know how to repair a bicycle." he said, "ok, then i will try to repair it by myself." then he spent a long time on it and succeeded at last.
the comparative and the superlative: the adverbial comparative and superlative
is "osomatsusan" one of the most popular animations in japan?
my mother gets up the earliest in my family.
the tournament will field qualified candidates.
the tournament will be contested by qualified candidates.
qualified candidates will be competing in the tournament.
i have several reasons to learn english.
first of all, i have few research issues and i want to share my thoughts and ideas to the world as a teacher, researcher, or businessman at colleges or in business fields; therefore, i need to have english communication skill.
secondly, i want to learn collaboration among diverse individuals abroad because it give me strength and flexibility.
wow! the sunshine outside my window seems so awesome.
i should enjoy the nice sunshine on a day like today!
i'd better go out and enjoy walking under the nice sunshine.
i'll put off napping for a while!
so i often enjoy riding my bicycle; it's a good exercise routine.
it took about one and a half hours, but it was not hard for us to ride our bicycles for such a long time because tokyo is located in a basin geographically, and there are not many steep slopes.
we were able to keep riding until we arrived at tokyo tower.
it is good for our physical health to do physical activities that are not related to our work.
so i often enjoy riding my bicycle as a good routine exercise.
many weather forecasters said that it would get really warm today.
we felt cold outside.
i usually jog while listening to the radio with my portable audio player.
also, the sun was really brilliant this morning, so i was sure today would definitely be a special day.
in the first chapter, he sounds kind and merciful.
it seems that his younger sister likes this dazzling silverware and the gold chandeliers.
he always leaves the door of his church open, so anyone, even a person who is meeting him for the first time, can get inside the church.
he collects donations from the rich and gives all the money to the poor.
his only belongings are six knives, some cutlery and plates, and two gold chandeliers.
he always leaves the door of his church open, so anyone, even a person who has never met him before, can get into the church.
i don't know why no one has stolen his silver and gold stuff up to now.
i guess his possessions aren't an important part of the story.
according to the first chapter, he seems kind and merciful.
i don't know why no one has ever stolen his silver and gold things.
today, i went to osaka castle park to see the plum blossoms.
i prefer cherry blossoms to plum blossoms.
i like cherry blossoms more than plum blossoms.
my mother would often say, "i wish people could live without having to eat!" because she doesn't like cooking.
it is one of japan's traditional dishes and is made with burdock root and carrot.
it has a sweet soy flavor and is good with rice.
but since burdock is commonly known as a weed, non-japanese people might not like it.
i prep meals and keep them in the freezer over the weekend and take one of them to work every day.
it is exciting for me to think about the menu like "there might be a can of tuna in the kitchen cabinet so next week i'll make 'tuna mayo' sandwiches...".
i like brittle or crunchy cookies but don't actually like japanese cookies because most of them are tender and a little bit moist but i don't know why.
it is also called the peach festival.
you may think the peach is out of season in march because peach trees are usually in full bloom on march 3 according to the lunar calendar.
because peach trees are usually in full bloom on march 3 according to the lunar calendar.
it is believed the cherry tree is a symbol of vivid life because it has numerous, a trillion, fruits.
as i wrote before peaches had been used for shamanic rituals in the ancient times.
it is also called the peach seasonal festival day.
it said "whether you believe globalization is good or bad is irrelevant.
although i checked a dictionary website, i couldn't find a answer.
if you have time, i'd like you to tell me.
can i use english better someday?
he is a member of minutemen, which is a civilian militia formed to help powerless people.
all he wants to do is protect people from raiders and gunners.
after the protagonist first helps him, he designates the protagonist as the general of the minutemen.
i thought, "we've just met.
what an irresponsible man.", but that's not the main reason why he is hated.
as the general of minuteman, the player thinks, "why don't you go help them yourself before asking me!?"
he calls the protagonists "generals", but makes the players feel like errand boys.
so his repeated lines get their nerves and many of them end up hating him.
i've checked the sim card, and it says cannot be read.
the 24-month contract has not expired yet and i am going to have to spend half a day traveling to the apple store located in a distant suburb to repair my baby iphone.
and, my icloud storage ran out ages ago and i'll have to update it before i send them my phone.
and, the card associated with my apple id is expired and the new one hasn't come yet.
why hasn't my new card come yet?
why don't we just return to free, primitive, naive cave life so that all of my questions can be resolved?
peter nadas, a hungarian author, said in an interview that we are all thrown into life.
we cannot choose neither our birth date nor our death date.
usually, i do my homework every day, but not today..
i always meet dangerous people.
i'm watching a new serial, while writing this message.
i wake up at 5 am every day, because i must be at work at 7 am.
i always hold a conversation with strangers, if i'm bored.
as you know, sonic is famous video game character.
creater and designer ohoshima naoto were also created.
his body is blue and and he wears red shoes that looks good on him.
sonic the hedgehog
as you know, sonic is a famous video game character.
creater and designer ohoshima naoto was also created.
body color is blue and he wears red shoes that look good on him.
c, a young musician, is about to leave the hold house in texas where he has been living for several years with his wife m.
there is some tension between the two of them, even though it is obvious that they are in love.
it would only be only one sentence or a short poem, just to leave her mark.
at the mortuary, m stares at c for a long moment before covering his face with the white sheet that shrouds his corpse.
the silhouette in the white sheet wanders into the corridor and makes its way toward a bright light in the far distance.
however, at the last minute, the ghost makes a u-turn and slowly heads toward his former home.
there, trapped in the house, he can see a sad m, grieving, listening to the song he wrote for her, binging and then vomiting, or packing some more things.
just before moving out, she writes down a few words on a small piece of paper that she folds in four, and then she slips it into a slot of a wall.
he does not really want to move out, but m is determined to live in town and is already packing her stuff.
while lying with c on the couch, m recalls that, as a child, she used to hide a note in each house she had been living in, just before moving out.
lunch is the seeds of my daily happiness.
it makes me happy.
you will find happiness there, that i promise.
every day i got up early and came back home late.
i'm going to take a bath and then go to bed soon.
there will be many relatives. they will ask me a lot of questions, which will surely make me uncomfortable.
i would have to act politely and answer as they expected.
my parents used to force me to enjoy it before, but this year, they gave up doing so because i showed them my unwillingness.
in this short comedy video, the black box assumed to be the internet, i understand that. but what does "the elders of the internet" mean?
is it an old internet or the internet for older people?
i am bad at cooking and i rarely try to improve my skills.
i wish i were good at cooking, but the fact is that i am bad at it.
i used to learn how to cook by watching a tv show, but i didn't improve even a little after practicing a lot, so maybe the materials i used were bad.
maybe i'm just using bad materials as an excuse.
i couldn't face the fact that i may be naturally bad at it.
i think i will be skilled at it someday.
my friend tasted my dish once, and she said, one bite is enough. luckily i didn't die of it.
i used to learn how to cook by watching a tv program, but i didn't improve even a little after practicing a lot, so maybe the materials i used were bad.
i stopped by a rimowa shop to look for a new body.
i was interested in a black one.
i haven't decided yet which i should buy.
the both of the carry bags that i saw are attractive.
i still consider about it.
anyway, i've been studying for the toeic test at school. my score has improved dramatically.
that's because i made a lot of efforts, lol. just kidding.
this is thank to my teacher and my supporters.
i just want to appreciate your kindness.
i must repay an obligation to you.
i am very sorry to have to tell you that the board of directors has not given their approval due to budget cutbacks.
if the situation improves and the board of directors agrees to the creation of this position, i will inform you as soon as possible.
dear ms mendez:
i regret that we must withdraw our job offer even though your qualifications and experience make you the ideal candidate for this position.
antidoping test. test antidopage.
i usually read the journal "marca". j'ai l'habitude de lire le journal "marca".
i enjoy this journal becouse its about sports not about politics. j'aime ce journal car il est question de sport et non de politique.
he also has won "le tour de france" four times.
it's not the first time that a cyclist wins an important race and is tested positive in an antidoping test during the race.
all the cyclists that have had this experience have been sanctioned and their victories were annulled.
after solving the questions and before checking the answers, i check my answers using my scientific calculator or maxima.
the question is from one of the past tests.
maxima is a computerised algebra system which we can do calculus on.
it is a question from one of the past tests.
i still remember the moonlight filling the hallways, and the blood flowing from my heart, along my sides and to my feet.
and after what i could say was the fastest i had ever run in my life i got home.
i closed the door behind me and jumped on my bed, only to realize that i was bathed in sweat.
i contemplated it raise and descent as i kept breathing with a strangle mixture of both surprise and content.
i woke up early this morning.
i'll wake up early tomorrow.
i won't be able to take a rest for a while.
the diagram shows two big sorts of processes.
first, on the left, we have those having to do with the manufacturing of the product itself; secondly, on the right side, processes related to conceptual aspects.
above we can see how, based on raw material and manufactured components, what goes through the storage stage which is followed by production planning and it needs design as well as sales feedback. afterwards there is the process of assembly, inspection, and testing, and the latter step give feedback to the design stage.
once testing has been done, packaging takes place and it requires information from market research, once packaging is completed *it is dispatched and sales take place.
the diagram shows two different kinds of big processes.
first, to the left are those having to do with the manufacturing of the product itself; secondly, on the right side are processes related to conceptual aspects.
above we can see which things go through the storage stage, based on raw material and manufactured components. then production planning takes place and it needs feedback on design as well as sales. this is followed by the processes of assembly, inspection, and testing. the latter step gives feedback to the design stage.
once testing has been done, the packaging stage takes place and it requires information from market research. once packaging is completed dispatchment and sales take place.
the sales step also relays information to the market research area, which at the same time aids the advertising area.
in any language, there is a large difference between general expressions and frank expressions.
so learners of foreign languages are confused by how native speakers actually talk.
nowadays, the advances in technology have led to a change in the way people communicate with each other.
for some people the current functioning of communication implies that writing letters will not be necessary anymore.
besides, our message may be as long as we want, and we may attach all kinds of files, including images, videos as well as other countless kinds of formats.
writing on computers, tablets or any other electronic device allows one to address multiple persons at the same time.
when we need to send the same message to several people we only need to copy and paste the text and by doing that, we will save ourselves a lot of time.
on the other hand, writing letters in the traditional way, by using a sheet of paper and making the effort to hand write whatever message, conveys an special feeling.
so, whenever we want to let someone know how much that person mean to us, writing a letter can make the difference, as simple as it might seem, it is a great way to give a message to someone special.
however, i do not think writing letters is destined to disappear.
has lang-8 slowed down again?
or is this only happening on my smartphone?
has lang8 slowed down again? yes!
or is this only happening on my smartphone? nope!
hi brian!
i had a temperature for two days.
in addition, when i recovered from my cold i had a terrible sore throat, so i had to rest until i got over it.
i've felt under the weather for so many days that i forgot to answer your questions about your situation.
it's really sad that your marks are dropping because of your social network addiction and that it's affecting your mood.
you should try to take up new activities, for instance playing a sport or instrument.
you are an incredibly well-balanced person and i'm sure you'll improve with these tips, and you'll forget your addiction.
please, call me if you want some company.
on the other hand, i'm going to organize a trip to rome with a friend for five days next week. do you want join us?
in addition, i've been looking at the weather forecast and apparently there will be mild and sunny days!
she likes it when i call in sick to work.
spend the whole day hanging with her.
she likes hearing how good she looks in them bluejeans.
confu charged around the course in what appeared to be a very quick time.
the clock stopped at 34.14 - but laura was just a blink of an eye slower."
switzerland bans cooking live seafood.
who will check if the creature was lived or dead when it was cooked?
in galicia we watch with disbelief the swiss law which bans cooking shellfish before they are stunned.
from today on, in switzerland iw cooking shellfish, as spider crab, lobster or spiny lobster is not allowed.
the law includes different modifications in animal protection issues such as this prohibition.
from here onward, in the helvetian country the shellfish have to be stunned before killing them.
among professionals in shellfish bars the feeling is disbelief.
who will check whether the animal is alive or dead when it is boiled?
he hopes that the rule stays in switzerland and we won't end up doing the same.
some professionals prefer go say nothing because here people might point a finger at you.
the result was 5 points upper than the last time.
i didn't have confidence to get a high score because i wasn't forces on test during then.
if i feel the same when i take another test, i'll definitely get a worse score.
i'm reviewing my test right now, i found my weak points.
i made an easy mistake and spent time to answer it, so i answered in a hurry.
today is lantern festival, which falls on jan 15. of the lunar calendar.
after lantern festival, the chinese new year officially comes to an end.
2018 is the year of the dog, so you will see many gigantic dog lanterns in these events.
i went to chengdu museum to see the afghanistan ancient treasure exhibition yesterday.
it left a deep impression on me.
simple question, but it has a deep meaning.
seriously, are you happy?
it's a simple question, but it has a deep meaning.
it's harder to translate verbs and adjectives than real nouns.
for real nouns there are images which are in your head.
these images consist of several senses: pselaphesia, osmesis and so on.
it's harder with verbs and adjectives, because sometimes the image is inexplicit.
this also creates difficulties, because sometimes one verb can mean different actions in different languages.
it has to do with historical conditions.
a few examples are below:
where can i change my money?
if it were not for mosquitos, i could spend the whole summer comfortably.
had it not been for the computer, i wouldn't have been able to write this sentence.
one of my experienced co-workers brought a coffee machine to the office about one month ago.
many people have enjoyed drinking nice coffee for only 50 yen.
is it related to china or italy?
one of the things that really excited me when i was travelling last month was seeing wild animals that are not found in japan.
we were going to go for a hike in some mountains, and my buddy was looking for a flashlight although he already had one.
today l went to an english class.
i spoke english for the first time in a long time, so i was nervous.
however, every member in the class was kind to me, so i felt i wanted to speak english more fluently.
after i tried the class, l decided to join the class regularly.
i hope everything will go well.
most of us were aware of what was going down last night.
he got intoxicated in that restaurant last night only because he tried out some weird food.
they got him wasted with their shitty food for not listening to you.
we've been waiting for you for thirty minutes.
alright, i don't have time to listen to you yell so.
i don't wanna go on trips if this is how you are every fucking time.
i'll call you when i get back from the thing.
bye.
you don't even need to carry them, because they are so small, you can put them in your pocket.
on the other hand, cell phones have the disadvantage of being harmful for our health.
how to get confident using foreign languages
i had one month before i left to go to china, so i studied chinese.
i looked for several language partners and chatted with them.
i was surprised that i could communicate with them even with my poor chinese.
everytime i had a chat with them, i got more confident.
actually, the years it took for me to learn chinese was much less than i have been learning english.
but i have more confidence to speak chinese.
but i think i had little opportunity to get feedback than i had while i learned chinese.
that's why i'm keeping a diary in english.
i'm japanese.
please correct these sentences.
who have the same motorcycle and are passionate about it.
we had an awesome time.
i hope to go with them somewhere again.
for example, it's not rare when flights are cancelled due to unexpected bad weather or natural disasters, and you have to put off your stay in a foreign country.
what is necessary anytime is that you try to solve the problem by judging your situation rationally, making good use of your knowledge and information about the very place you go as well as using your ability to use the foreign language effectively.
for example, it's not rare that flights are cancelled due to unexpected bad weather or natural disasters, and you have to put off your stay in a foreign country.
what is always necessary is that you try to solve the problem by judging your situation rationally, making good use of your knowledge and information about the place you are going to, as well as using your ability of the foreign language effectively.
how to solve unexpected problems during your trip overseas
travelling abroad is basically a lot of fun, but you cannot avoid having problems during your trip overseas.
for example, it's not rare for flights to be cancelled due to unexpected bad weather or natural disasters, and you have to put off your stay in the foreign country.
what is necessary at all times is that you try to solve the problem by judging your situation rationally, making good use of your knowledge and information about the place you are in, as well as using your ability of the foreign language effectively.
i feel my writing skills have become rusty, because i haven't written like i used to.
however, regret won't accomplish anything!
i just have to do what i have to do!
tom cruise played a professional killer, who wanted to kill six witnesses for an international business in one night.
silver hair and grey suits with sharp eyes when he kill person, tom cruise is super cool.
while going to the hit spot, he took advantage of the taxis.
in the beginning, the black taxi driver didn't know tom's identity, but then tom pushed a body out of a window and it fell on the cab, then the driver realized he was a killer.
but tom threatened the taxi driver so he drove off to the next place.
have you ever had a guilty conscience when you kill someone?
do you know of the rwandan genocide?
there is no hope in preaching to a killer.
at the end of the film, the black driver fought tom to protect the last witness, a woman.
at the end of the fierce gun battle, tom was shot to death.
the black driver protected the last important witness.
and this movie was very interesting.
i would recommend it.
what happened to them?
did you bring eggs? that's a good idea.
i will try to do the same.
i will go to safety patrol with my boss this afternoon.
i don't like safety patrol, but i think it is very important work.
the workers must not be injured.
a movie i watched last friday
after finishing some tough work late at night last friday, i came homeand watched a movie. the main character was a business person, and she had a strong will and courage to face difficulties.
she passionately discussed things with her stubborn boss and her clients, and she eventually persuaded her clients, while her evil colleague lost his clients because of his bad behavior.
finally, the people around her praised her and she completed a big project.
that's when people choose to live at home, in a community they're familiar with, for as long as possible, even as they grow older.
on march 1st, it snowed.
the snow included a lot of water and it melted by the afternoon.
it was like a dream.
i wonder why humans wanted to go there?
it is enough for me just to look at it.
the snow included a lot of water.
could anyone help me explain the meaning of the following phrase?
thanks a lot.
"practice, don't go in cold" what does "don't go in cold " mean?
i usually go to our old house once a month for maintenance.
i guess some part of the supplying pipe froze up and broke.
i asked the maintenance company to visit and look at it next time i go back.
the house has a heat pump unit with a boiler.
we have used it for 14 years.
he investigated it and found that there was a clack in the one of the joints of the valve that connected 3 pipes.
i immediately had him call the manufacturer and they said that they didn't know if they had a replacement part.
he said a more advanced mechanic will come here tomorrow.
i knew i wouldn't be able to use our bath, so i went to warm-bathing facility.
the next day, another mechanic came and looked at the inside of the ecocute.
he said "heat insulators absorbed a lot of water and it didn't work well.
even if we can fix it this time, the next time something like this happens it'll be worse.
if you don't use a bath often, i recommend changing to a gas boiler that is relatively cheap.
we bought a ecocute even though it cost a lot because we thought it would last at least 20 years and reduce electricity costs.
but we have to change it earlier than we expected.
i can't accept that we have to pay for a house that we don't live in.
however, we can't sell a house that doesn't have a boiler.
this might be a good time to sell the house.
i'll miss it a bit, though.
tokyo 2020 games mascots were selected!!
the tokyo organizing committee for the olympic and paralympic games announced the result of schoolchildren voting for mascots on february 28th.
each class in elementary schools could take part in the selection and vote their favorite from among three final candidates.
which entry do you like?
since the second b and the third c got 61,423 and 35,291 votes, respectively, the top mascots were overwhelmingly popular.
- she fainted from fear.
- she started crying because she felt so happy.
- she was so excited, she couldn't sleep at all.
- her face turned red from embarrassment.
thank you, my friends!
i have received 8,794 corrections during this period.
however, i feel a little sad because lang-8 has suspended new accounts.
but, as always, i haven't finished my plan.
about my cat
today is so warm, it's like spring has come!
it also means a scary season has come for me.
because i have hay fever.
i have to wear a mask and glasses to block pollen.
i have no choice.
i want to be free from pollen and just enjoy spring without worrying.
there is a honey shop nearby the place where my mother is living now.
the shop sells japanese and foreign honey.
i used to eat honey when i was a child, it tasted like a medicine, and the texture was bad too.
then she continued, "if you will eat only pure honey then it doesn't give you cavities because it has bactericidal action." i can't believe it so i have not tried it yet.
however, i remember a5bout my childhood.
i'm currently at the office, but i have nothing to do now.
since we're going to change our office location, there are many people moving stuff around us, cleaning, and putting things away.
we don't have that many office workers, only around 100.
some of my coworkers have left, so it's time for me to leave too.
we have three dates which concern our marriage; one is the date carved on our rings, the second is the date when we officially got married, and the third is in april  when we had a wedding ceremony.
we were supposed to officially get married on the date on the ring, but i had a miscarriage scare and had to stay in a bed.
so now the date on the ring signifies the importance of life and reminds me to be thankful that my son is here with us.
we don't do anything particular on the day because there is no cake shop or restaurant nearby.
i long for a romantic situation like the ones i see in movies but my husband and i are typical japanese who are bad at being romantic.
we have three dates which concern about our marriage; one is the date curved on our rings, the second is the date when we officially got married, and the third is on april and the date when we had a wedding celemony.
i'd better stop crying for the moon and be thankful for our staying together healthy.
i've cherished it since my wife gave me it to me several years ago.
it was very useful, and i always listened to my favorite songs with it.
before it broke completely, one of the buttons had broken and been repaired a few times.
but now, it won't even boot.
when i press the button to boot it, the apple logo is displayed for a few minutes, but then it just turns off.
it's shocking.
fortunately, i have another portable audio player,
but i'm not good at using it yet because i just bought it.
also, its capacity is smaller than that of the ipod touch.
i can put many songs or pictures in it.
it would be too expensive to have it fixed.
i will go to iriomote island.
many animals live on the island, so i hope to meet them!
this island has beautiful seas and rivers.
i like japan, and i want you to visit japan someday!
i had a hazelnut latte.
it is the mario cart that i came to see frequently in the metropolitan area.
7,8 go-carts were running by making a line.
it allowed go-carts to run on the general road for go-carts that were running in the video game.
old lady: isn't it dangerous?
there are no helmets or seat belts.
if there's a collision you'll be thrown out.
if it is the country of the manner, an
i went to my doctor to get treatment for my back this morning.
i chose to eat tonkatsu for lunch.
since today is a weekday, the restaurant was not crowded at all.
i was going to find new shoes for jogging.
i realised i could get a check of my physical characteristics at the store.
i could choose my shoes based on my physical characteristics after consulting the staff.
if she had explained the result to me kindly and passionately, i might have bought a pair.
i had a meeting with a customer.
although the meeting was scheduled until 5 pm, i had an appointment with the dentist at 4 pm. so i thought that i would have to leave the meeting early.
but the meeting finished early, so i had time to spare to see the dentist.
i went to the bookstore.
i have tried to learn english to contact people all over the world.
for this reason i practice every day to learn to speak english as a native speaker.
as i wrote in the previous article, i will work at the new office starting next week.
i'm so happy to go back home at 5pm. i usually get off work at 8pm, so i'm envious of people who can leave their office early.
they have a lot of choices about what to do after work, which i don't have.
all i can do after work is go back and rest at home.
what's your favorite thing to do after work?
i don't want to go back early every day because i'm just one of many employees so i shouldn't whine like that.
obviously, there are tons of workers who get out of later than me, so i'm not working in a bad environment.
a piece of advice
when we give correction or comment, there may be a need to give a link, for instance on wikipedia.
it is possible just to copy your browser address bar and to insert in your entry or comment.
sometimes, it could look like this:
in that case, you can do it in two stages.
first insert the content before the last slash
and then insert the rest
it must look like this:
if_a_content_includes_some_macrons, the link could not work, but whatever it will look better.
i think that good hospitality is giving first priority to customer.
for example, in a lunch box shop, if customer has many small bags, lunch box staff prepared for a big bag and the staff together short bag.
if so, it is easy for a customer to carry the bag.
in tokyo it's warmer since yesterday.
until then it was cold and it was quite difficult for me to be motivated in everything, but i have been in full of enthusiasm.
in tokyo it's been getting warmer since yesterday.
until then it was cold and it was quite difficult for me to get motivated to do anything, but i have been full of enthusiasm since.
finally the warmth and blue sky has made me look foward to the season of cherry blossoms.
she helps me.
she helps him.
he helps her.
he helps me.
he doesn't help me.
she doesn't help him.
he doesn't help him
she doesn't help her.
he doesn't help her.
i started doing my homework.
when we were about to leave, aman wadi asked us to wait at the door of our house.
she was going to do to me what most people do to their girls in rural areas of pakistan: stopping them from attending school.
yesterday, we went for a walk in the park.
it was a frosty and sunny day and we were strolling slowly along a narrow lane.
my hands were frozen and i was rubbing them.
a couple of beautiful twins were playing in a playground.
their mother was looking at them and smiling.
there's a peak called "angels landing" which i wanted to climb in my lifetime.
from the trailhead i climbed slowly and in an hour reached a point called scout lookout.
most hikers seemed to enjoy the view from there and then doubled back to the trailhead while the rest set out to the summit, including me.
after scout lookout, the last half mile of the trail got more strenuous and went through a ridge like godzilla's dorsal fin.
therefore, it has been called one of the most dangerous hiking courses in the world and it's not for those who have a fear of height.
however, there were chains for grip all along the trail, so i didn't feel too scared until the summit.
the view during the trail and from the summit was the most stunning thing i have ever seen in all my life.
it's been a while!
how have you all been keeping up?
i have only written posts here when there were things that i wanted to write until now. to write.
however, i will try to write them once a week from now!
recently, i have gotten many english books that i want to read, so i think that i will need to learn english more and more.
to be honest, although i am interested in learning chinese, i will focus on english because i cannot multitask.
recently, i got many english books which i want to read, so i think that i need to learn english better.
to be honest, although i am interested in chinese, i will focus on english because i cannot do many things at once.
great to see you again!
everyone, how have you been keeping?
until now, i have written posts here only when there were things that i wanted to write.
output efficiency
someone once said that the best way to increase our output efficiency at work, is to increase our workload as much as we can.
if we are overwhelmed so much, we have to consider seriously whether it is really necessary and then we start to choose what we really have to do.
however, i don't want to be overwhelmed any more....
yet it remained under the dominion of the british empire until 1948 when it was officially declared a republic.
the main irish parties fought for the complete independence of ireland and its establishment as a republic.
yet it remained a dominion of the british empire until 1948 when it was officially declared a republic.
i sent an email with the link to my soundcloud account to one of my coworkers, revealing that i've been posting recordings of my singing there, and asking her if she could listen to them and give me some feedbacks.
she told me once before that she used to belong to a chorus club when she was a student, and i always wanted her to give me some comments on my singing since i assumed she knew much more about singing than i do.
but right after i clicked the send button, i kind of freaked out about what i'd just done.
why should she listen to my songs and comment back?
that would be nothing but troublesome for her!
i knew my face was turning red without even looking at myself in the mirror.
i saw on my laptop screen, "you've got mail".
i went to my inbox and found out that she had read my mail and sent me a reply.
it made me happy, and gave me strength to really open up to her about my love for singing and what i've been doing on my soundcloud account.
how did you feel when you first revealed your secret?
what happened afterwards?
i'm sure everyone has one or two episodes like that!
what would she think of me doing such a thing as uploading my poor singing to the internet?
that would just be troublesome for her!
this morning, i saw her there sitting in her seat as usual,.
i couldn't tell if she had already read my message or not.
i knew even without looking in a mirror that my face was turning red.
i went to my inbox and saw that she had read my email and sent me a reply.
it made me happy and gave me the strength to really open up to her about my love for singing and what i've been doing on my soundcloud account.
i'm sure everyone has had one or two experiences like this!
according to the article, survivors from the shooting in the high school in florida launched activities demanding the gun regulation.
their movement has attracted people and affected some companies that sell guns.
dick's sporting goods announced they will stop selling automatic rifles and won't sell guns to people under 21.
walmart also announced that they won't sell guns to those under 21.
i suppose it's very difficult to change their gun society, but without making the first step, nothing will be changed.
dick's sporting goods announced they stop selling automatic rifles and don't sell guns to people who are under 21.
walmart had already stopped selling automatic rifles in 2015.
for those 17 victims and many other victims killed by guns, i hope america will step forward even if it's little by little.
a new term will start, and i need to be confident to handle all the problems and challenges.
although i have too many tasks to do, i will solve those problems one by one.
i stopped writing a diary because i started very busy every day.
i wrote my last entry in 2014!
also i should take old.
needless to say, most japanese have to deal with hard work all year round, but the period from march to april is the busiest season for them.
that is because we have special work tasks for the end of fiscal year, such as planning sales estimates, work about settlements, and so on.
at that time, most workers become gloomy.
in addition to that, i always get hay fever during this period.
its symptoms include runny nose and sneezing.
furthermore, i have to participate in a marathon competition in the middle of april every year.
the reason why i have to take part in it is one of sponsors of the competition is our company.
that means all employees are forced to run.
so recently i have been working hard, running, and suffering from the symptoms of my pollen allergy.
it has been a very hard time for me.
as far as i know, global warming is one of the most common topics on many english tests, because it's a safe topic to talk about.
yesterday, my english teacher gave me the topic "north korea can be your good neighbor." i guess most people have a similar opinion about it, and these kind of political questions are unlikely to be given on the international exam.
i wonder if there is anything i can talk about in regards to global warming.
just like most people, i believe scientists and that it is not a chinese conspiracy.
yesterday, my english teacher gave me the topic "could north korea be a good neighbor?" i guess most people have a similar opinion on that, and these kinds of political questions are unlikely to be given in an international exam.
i wonder if there is anything i can say about global warming.
like most people, i believe scientists; it is not a chinese conspiracy.
as far as i can tell, global warming is one of the most common topics in many english tests, because it's a safe topic to talk about.
honestly, i don't take the issue seriously in my daily life, but i at least try to follow the rules from the government that aim to reduce co2.
this day officially ends the chinese new year celebrations.
red packets are not given out after this day.
i like the mystery and horror genre when i read so i couldn't suppress the desire to write a text with these characteristics...
i remember once, when i was eight years old, as i walked down a lonely street, an old and strange woman came up to me and greeted me.
i remember there was something very strange about that woman - about her face, her voice, and her posture.
in fact, thinking about it carefully, maybe she wasn't a real woman because her features were quite rough.
the point is that there was something bothering me quite a bit about her, so i forgot all about being kind and ran desperately until i got home.
back at my house, i told my mother what happened, but i don't think she took it very seriously because she told me that i must have exaggerated things or something like that.
the creepiest thing was that, as my classmates said, the child had been seen for the last time hugging a strange old woman and walking away with her.
share with me some recipes using coconut milk
i asked my kenyan friend if she has cooked with coconut milk before.
she told me that she uses it instead of water when she cooks rice.
i was surprised by this.
last month i cooked sweet potatoes with some coconut milk and sugar.
recipes on the net and in books are a little bit unrealistic for me.
for example, i probably won't buy thai vegetables.
the important aspect of japanese beer is the sensitive taste.
the key is the head of beer, that is beer foam.
keeping beer cold is a very important thing.
it gives a unique and wonderful experience.
however, i disagree that all students should be required to study art and music,due to the various disadvantage it brings.
to begin with, we already study many subjects such as math, chemical, and history in school.
with structural changes in the economy, we are required to obtain special skills and abilities to obtain a good job.
also, a strong academic background is very important if one wants to be promoted in the workplace.
therefore, it is not essential to learn art and music in secondary school.
for example, when i was a high school student, i took an exam in order to enroll in a university.
no one needed to study art and music to go to a university.
with the development of the internet, we can learn these skills through online courses.
in addition, these activities are also often available as club activities in schools.
for instance, when i was a high school student, one of my friends started a music club.
he gathered some friends to play music.
after graduating from high school, he tried to be a professional guitar player.
thus, we can study art or music on our own instead of taking a course.
when i was a child, i went there with my family and relatives, and i also went there on a field trip with school.
there is a beautiful waterfall there, and many wild monkeys used to live in that area.
i still remember that they often nimbly stole food from people.
however, i've read that all the monkeys might have moved to a different place because people changed their living environment.
as soon as we entered the building of the onsen, my husband and son went to the men's bath, and my daughter and i went to the women's bath.
the hot water is called "torotoro bihada no yu" aka "women's beauty bath." it was pink and had a plum scent.
we were supposed to see my husband and my son at a meeting place at 11:30 am and have lunch together, but my daughter and i were carelessly still in the bath.
i soon tried to go there, but i didn't remember how to get back to the place at all.
the restaurant was an all-you-can-eat-buffet.
i even saw it on tv show one day.
i'd forgotten i had been on a diet.
after taking a bath, i was trying to open my locker in the dressing room but it didn't open quickly.
a few minutes later, two elder women came and one of them was trying to open her locker but it didn't seem to open quickly either.
i overheard her say "ohhh, what should i do...
i cannot open my locker." "ah, it's a bit tricky.
i had the same trouble a little before her.
"i think i can do it for you.
they were tourists who came from nara prefecture.
i had a great time with my family, and i also felt happy to talk to some strangers, friendly as usual.
the thick hot water is called "torotoro bihada no yu" aka "beauty women's bath." it was pink and smelled like plum.
you can enjoy an open-air bath and sauna, too.
i wasn't able to stand the hot environment in the sauna for a long time, but my daughter stayed in there a lot longer than i did.
we were supposed to meet my husband and my son at an agreed-upon meeting place at 11:30 a.m. and have lunch together, but my daughter and i carelessly stayed in the bath too long.
i got lost.
i even saw it on tv one day.
we all enjoyed a lot of food.
i'd forgotten i was on a diet.
after taking a bath, i tried to open my locker in the dressing room, but it didn't open quickly.
i was a little nervous for a moment, but then it opened.
a few minutes later, two elderly women came in and one of them also tried to open her locker, but it didn't seem to open quickly, either.
i had the same problem a little earlier.
they were tourists from nara prefecture.
the onsen may have made me pretty.
i slept at two o'clock yesterday.
i had remaining work, after gone home.
just, the work finished one o'clock, but i don't sleep.
so instead, i watched youtube on my phone.
left leg from this morning.i had pain from my left leg this morning.
i didn't know why, but i find that it's too cold. also the wind is very strong today.
sometimes my old wound on my left leg becomes painful in bad weather.
i had pain in my left leg this morning.
sometimes my old injury in my left leg hurts during bad weather.
bad manners
i looked up and noticed that a young lady was blowing her nose making a strong sound.
japanese people considere blowing the nose in public rude.
after she left the table, her chopsticks were in the bowl and food was her tray.
i was surprised with her bad manners.
bad manners
yesterday i went to a restaurant for lunch, but it was crowded.
after i sat at the table, two people came to share the table.
while i was waiting for my order, i was reading a book, but i suddenly heard somebody blowing their nose.
i looked up my face and noticed that a young lady blew her nose with a big noise.
japanese people considered that blowing their noses in public was rude.
after she left the table, her chopsticks were in the bowl and her leftovers were messy on her tray.
i was surprised that she had bad manners.
all of the things that passed by me a long time ago have been sorely missed.
i need an english score to enter colleage.
to do that, i need more time for study on weekdays.
i might quit my job.
the season has changed now.
studying english is my favorite thing to do.
it would be great if i could work for a foreign company.
i haven't had any experience using english at work, so my english is not great in terms of business english.
i wonder how different spoken english and business english are from each other.
i know that spoken english has a lot of colloquialisms, obviously so we can speak casually.
on the other hand, i'm not sure i need to speak formally in business english, since i'm not a native english speaker.
that could be true when speaking formally in business english as well.
he makes a lot of mistakes but it's helpless.????he makes a lot of mistakes, but he is helpful.he makes a lot of mistakes because he is helpless!
i filled out 'bungee jump' in the section of the resume where i should have written about my specialty.
i filled out 'bungee jump' in the blank of the resume for specialty.i filled out 'bungee jump' on the blank of the resume for specialty.
he makes a lot of mistakes but it can't be helped.he makes a lot of mistakes because he is helpless.
she got her teeth implanted.
when i was filling out my resume, i wrote 'bungee jumping' at the blank section asking for my speciality.
in the album credits 'piano langlang' is written.
that athlete met with injury.
makeing mistakes can't be avoided. we can't do much about making mistakes.
i filled out 'bungee jumping' at the section of resume where i had to write about my specialty.
i filled out 'bungee jumping' at the field of resume for specialty.
things got out of hand last night
several people got into a fist fight, and one person was taken away by the police.
there was a huge organization change in my company recently.
because of that, while my office currently has 9 members altogether, but now 4 members will be transferring to a different branch and some to a different department.
i reunited with friends for the first time in a long time.
nevertheless, we didn't feel awkward when chatting.
my friends have not changed at all.
we enjoyed talking and having refreshments.
i'd like to going to keep up a good relationship with them.
i had a reunion with friends for the first time in a long while.
we enjoyed having fun conversation that relieved us from stress.
i'd like to keep having good relationship with them.
i'd like to keep up a good relationship with them.
i bought cinnamon powder the day before yesterday.
i put cinnamon powder in cafe au lait and drink it every day.
it smells good.
he developed his music mainly in nagoya after his return, and also for some reason tried to became a stringer at a tennis shop.
last night as i was doing my english listening tasks, i received a phone call from my friend yue.
she told me a striking story - her friend tried to kill herself by taking poison because she caught her boyfriend cheating on her.
i can't believe it really happened.
i used to think stories about girls committing suicide for love were made up by some novelist or playwright.
please correct the following sentences.
thank you for participating on this one day trip around the izumo taisha grand shrine.
first, please let me briefly explain today's tour.
we will leave matsue station at 9am and go to the adachi museum.
the museum stores japanese paintings and various kinds of art works.
its garden has also been chosen as japan's best garden by the us journal for 14 years straight.
we will leave the museum at 11am and go to the izumo taisha grand shrine.
it will take one hour and 20 minutes, so please use the toilet before you leave the museum.
we will have lunch on the street in front of the shrine gate at 12:30pm.
there are many restaurants serving local specialities such as izumo buckwheat noodles, zenzai sweet bean soup and wagyu beef humburgers.
after an hour for lunch, we will visit the izumo taisha grand shrine.
we will enjoy one hour of sightseeing in the shrine prisinct.
we will leave the shrine at 2:30 and head to the tamastukuri onsen hot spring.
this hot spring is one of the oldest hot springs known to be "good for your skin".
you can find free footbaths and many varieties of souvenirs in this area.
after one hour of sightseeing, we will leave the onsen at 4:30 and return to matsue station at 5 pm.
i have had an itchy nose today, so i'm in pain.
i hope this season passes quickly.
i don't like this season, so i am very stressed.
i thought about it this morning.
i have an itchy nose today, so i'm in pain.
i don't like this season, so i feel a lot of stress.
i haven't spoken english at all, lately. i have a language exchange partner, but i don't speak english so well, and usually i'm not satisfied with my english.
after all, i feel that i have a lack of vocabulary and an underdeveloped sense of usage. my poor usage of english is a result of my not studying it.
come to think of it, i like playing around more than studying english. for now, i am less likely to study english than i am to play around.
i am so picky, after all. it ended up that i had to study not only english but also chinese.
doc: your husband is suspected to have a cat allergy.doc: i suspect your husband is allergic to cats.
do you have someone you can leave your cat with?
woman: oh, no. without my cat, i will be sick with stress.
doc: then, you should try isolating him.
woman: you mean my husband?
learning thai
i'd like to start to learn the thai language because i frequently go to thailand.
although there are a lot of foreigners who live there and some of the local people can speak english, most of them aren't very good at it, especially some vendors.
however, thai is so difficult for me.
it's different from chinese pronunciation.
but i have a wonderful thai teacher who is not only good at pronunciation, but also patient.
this helps me to pursue my hobby of learning thai.
i hope i can talk a lot with thai people when i go there for my summer holiday and make some new friends.
however, the thai language is so difficult for me.
but i have a wonderful teacher; he is thai, and he is not only good at pronunciation but also patient.
you know wasabi is hot and spicy, so i had never eaten wasabi in this way!
the point of this bowl of rice is to have good rice and fresh wasabi.
i wonder if learning italian is easy for a native spanish speaker.
i was thinking that it would be interesting trying to learn a language other than english.
i was thinking about italian because i guess it would be easier to learn, considering that i am a native spanish speaker, and both languages are romance languages.
actually, in the last week i was watching some videos on you tube. there are a huge number of those.
it reminds me that when i was a child there were not thatf many sources to learn a foreign language.
if i had had these sources to learn english in my childhood, maybe at this time, i would speak proper english.
indeed, the videos for native english speakers seem to be more interesting than the others.
and my english skills now are useful t for understanding them.
i still have a long way to go to learn english an optimum level but it is satisfactory to know that it serves me if i decide to learn italian now.
i wonder if learning italian is easy for a native spanish speaker.
i was thinking that it would be interesting to try to learn a language other than english.
i was thinking about italian because i guess it would be easy to learn, considering that i am a native spanish speaker, and both languages are romance languages.
actually, in the last week i have been watching some videos on youtube. there are a lot of those.
i would have liked to have those sources to learn english from in my childhood. if i had, maybe now i would speak proper english.
i found out another interesting fact about learning italian.
indeed, the videos for native english speaker seem to be more interesting than the others.
and now my english skills are useful for understanding them.
i still have a long way to go to learn english but it is satisfying to know that it will help me if i decide to learn italian now.
i was thinking about italian because i guess it would be easy to learn, considering that i am a native spanish speaker, and both are romance languages.
i would have liked to have had those resources to learn english in my childhood. then maybe by now, i would be speaking proper english.
i still have a long way to go to achieve an optimal level in english, but it is satisfying to know that it will help me if i decide to learn italian now.
dear sir or madam,
according to the instructions your customer support department gave me, i have sent my bosch cal stove to that technical service, because it doesn't work.
when you turn it on it seems like it's working as the power light indicator works, but the stove doesn't heat up.
i have attached the receipt for the stove.
a new convenience store has opened near my house.
it's only about a three minute walk from my house.
it's great!
before it opened, i had to walk 10 minutes to get to nearest convenience store.
to celebrate opening, the store is having a sale.
i went there twice yesterday.
to celebrate its openings, the store is having a sale.
it's excellent!
before it opened, the nearest convenience store was a 10 minute walk away from my house.
it is also known as a language which has a lot of expressions.
in fact, there are more than 40,000 expressions in japanese, which include idioms and proverbs and 3,000 idioms among them.
an idiom is a group of words which has a special meaning in special way to say.
idioms in japanese can be divided into two categories.
one is the expressions that are not related to the meaning of each word, and the other is the expressions in which the meaning of each word is used figuratively.
there is a similar idiom in english: burn with shame.
for example, when someone goes shopping and tries to pay by cash, then the person realizes that they don't have enough money.
this person must be extremely embarrassed, and says "i'm burning with shame." this is one example of the expressions which aren't related to the meaning of each word because someone's face never burns, but japanese people express embarrassment as a metaphor.
this idiom means to put a great deal of effort into doing something.
there is also a similar expression in english: to break one's neck or back.
people can use this idiom when it takes a long time to find their keys.
it is difficult for people to remember idioms or expressions, especially in japanese because of the large number of them.
therefore, finding similar expressions in other languages is very interesting, and it may help people to remember them.
it's not a perfect version but it's pretentious.
there are bright decorations, dresses, and make-up.
it creates a theatrical atmosphere with actors who act mad and unrealistically.
they play as if they are on a stage rather than in a film.
this is the main problem with this movie.
despite the antiquated way of making this movie, i still think it's a great work of art.
more and more corporations have severed their relationship with the national rifle association since a mass shooting happened at a high school in florida two weeks ago.
they offered a discount in their products or services if their customers had a membership with nra.
the argument was brought up every time mass shootings happen, but nothing has changed because of nra's lobbying campaign.
it seems, however, that some companies noticed that it would hurt their brand value and reputation if they keep having connections with the nra.
i'm afraid that american's common sense regarding guns is very different from that of other countries.
they used to offer a discount on their products or service if their customers had a membership with nra.
the argument is brought up every time a mass shooting occurs, but nothing has changed because of nra's lobbying campaign.
it seems, however, that some companies noticed that it would hurt their brand value and reputation if they maintain their same relationship with the nra.
my flight was an hour late yesterday.
so i got back home at 3 am.
because rhythm of my daily life has been a little disturbed recently, i have not been able to wake up early so easily.
i finally woke up early this morning.
because i have been out of sync with my daily lifestyle recently, i have not been able to wake up early easily.
i was finally able to wake up early this morning.
no one told you that you had your fly down while you were walking down the street.
no one told you that your fly was down while you were walking down the street.
this morning i left earlier than usual to catch the bus to arrive at work in time.
i liked it very much, because there was silence and everything was covered in white snow.
i remembered the snowfall in my city in january 1985, in a couple of days around a meter of snow fell.
the schools were closed, and the public transport had big problems but i was a child and it was a fantastic week for me.
everything was covered with snow for days and the snow melted completed after three months.
it was an exceptional event, and it has never been repeated.
in my city it usually snows only two to three days per year, and not every winter.
just imagine how the sound of screaming, the sound of breathing, and every other sound can add to the effects of horror and fear.
for instance, just try to watch a horror movie when it's muted.
sometimes in this kind of movie, the screen is completely dark without any image, but the background sound creates a horror atmosphere.
therefore, you won't be so scared unless the images and sounds play together.
my skin is still not perfect but it's getting better.
ever since i've been studying in korea my skin would break out a lot, and i've been upset for a long time.
and then i decided to become happier, live heathier, eat a better diet and stop caring about people's opinions about my skin anymore.
now i have got rid of most of my acne but still have many acne scars.
love yourself whether you have acne or not!
because you're beautiful in your own way.
i dropped my friend off at home.
that smells good.
the pronunciation of 'r' is very difficult for the japanese.
but you do need to have your legs on track, and must treat them nicely.
my boots swallowed one mile after another, and my mind went into a kind of meditative state where time seems meaningless, and your brain wakes up from its trance only when something important happens.
after having walked a dozen miles quite uneventfully through a bleak and washed land, my brain did wake up.
a signal was being emitted by my left leg.
i made a stop on the roadside, dropped my backpack, and sat down on a small mossy boulder.
the right leg was okay, and smelled of jasmine and violet.
i punctured the blister with a needle, having sterilized it by the flame of a match, and put a small sticky plaster on it.
i sat on the boulder for about twenty minutes, waiting for my feet to dry.
in order to pass the time, i reexamined the contents of my first-aid kit, from which the plaster had magically appeared.
the potion was supposed to be applied by a qualified doctor, but in certain circumstances, it could be done by a nurse too.
here are some of them:
and i have to say, the lives of most of them were not a bed of roses.
barnard, as well as many other doctors, honored demikhov as his tutor and the father of transplantology.
why, you may ask, were all those brilliant people treated as underdogs?
you have to read the immortal "levsha" by nikolai leskov to understand it; or at least to watch the cartoon.
meanwhile, my feet had dried and my stomach was feeling empty.
i put my boots back on and hit the road again.
but you do need your legs there on track and you must treat them nicely.
the alarm signal had come from my left leg.
after a short examination of my lower extremities, i found a blister on the medial side of my left big toe.
but i don't know what i want to do.
i'm disappointed.
i have really never thought about my life.
althought i'm 31 years old,what can i do from now on?
life in the uk: do you even feel like doing anything?
it's extremely rare for it to snow here.
it's beautiful to see it through the window, however we are not really used to dealing with this much snow.
i understand that, but what annoys me is that everyone seems drained and doesn't feel like working due - i guess - to the snow.
i ordered some aloma oils for work which were supposed to have been delivered last friday.
they haven't arrived yet.
i rang the post office with the tracking number and they said that the number wasn't recognised.
i checked it again, phoned them again, and they again said that this number didn't match.
i told them that this tracking number was definitely correct so could they please check it for me again.
finally they got it and i found out that my parcel was still in birmingham.
if you were able to make it through the snow to get to work you should be proud of yourself and work hard!!
life in the uk: have you ever feel like doing anything?
it's beautiful to see it through the window, however, we are not really used to dealing with this much snow.
i understand that, but the one thing that annoys me was that everyone seems to be lazy, and don't feel like working because of the snow i guess.
i called the post office with the tracking number, and they said the number wasn't recognized.
finally, they got it and i found out that my parcel was still in birmingham.
if you managed to work in the snow, you should be proud of yourself and work hard.
it's beautiful to see it through the window, however we are not really used to such a snow situation.
i understand that, but what annoys me was that everyone seemed drained, and didn't feel like working, basically because of snow i guess.
i ordered some aloma oils for work with next day deliverly last friday.
i rang the post office with the tracking number, they said that the number wasn't recognised.
i've checked it again, phoned them again, they said again that this number didn't match.
i asked them if this tracking number was definitely correct, so could you check it again for me please.
if you managed to go to work in the snow, you should be proud of yourself and work hard!!
yesterday i had a short phone conversation in english with a partner company manager.
well, it was another confirmation, that without constant practise it's not that easy even to find the correct words to explain simple things.
my understanding of what the manager said was also not perfect.
to improve language or any other ability it is necessary to become a regular and hard-working learner.
- to read books in english to enrich my vocabulary
- to learn by heart and speak dialogues and phrases from english books;
- to find more situations in which i will have to speak english.
and one more time: the main rule is regular and hard-work and training.
as one can see regularity is not my strong point.
since the third trimester has started, i have to be more careful about managing my physical condition.
my appetite has increased a bit more than before, and sometimes i am craving for something sweet.
i know i had better cook by myself, but i go home late and get takeout on weekdays.
therefore i weigh myself everyday so that it does not increase too much.
there are coffee makers in japanese convenience stores, just like in thailand.
it was like a light thrown in the darkness.
it was like a light thrown into the darkness.
i'm heading off to the airport.
i think the previous two sentences mean the exact same thing.
it got me through those eight hundreds, and four hundreds, and one hundreds at five thirty in the morning, so i thank you.
you know, you guys don't know this, but the last game--my last game, umm, that we had here against the utah jazz, i was really tired.
umm, we've got one more game left
but i don't have any legs."
that you don't understand it doesn't mean that anybody else understands.
that you don't understand it doesn't mean that everyone else is in the same boat.
does it make sense to say, "someone threw a pie in my face"?
i'm considering traveling to shanghai; for, i have a long time connecting a plane.
after work, i had my hair cut at a barber shop that i had gone to for the first time.
i like this barber shop because the cost was reasonable and the barber was very friendly.
now, the wind is still blowing hard.
but all trains in our area have been stopped.
the boys who wore their school uniform without buttons looked proud.
they say that such a habit is decreasing among teenagers recently.
as for disney movies, i have come up with two which i watched in my childhood, at the age of 6 or 7, around the time when i began to go to elementary school.
the first one is a famous animation film called "dumbo".
i didn't remember the story of it well except for the scene in which dumbo bathes in a tub mixed with so much liquor that he gets intoxicated and sees pink elephants, until i re-watched it after i became an adult.
"the gnome-mobile" is a 1967 walt disney productions comedy-fantasy film directed by robert stevenson, wikipedia says.
i suppose i watched it when i was around 6 and don't remember the details, let alone the story.
i just remember two adorable children, a boy and a girl who acted in the famous movie "mary poppins" with julie andrews, and many gnomes running around in a wood.
i didn't remember even the title of this movie until recently when i googled this and that, and finally excavated this below.
when it comes to disney movies, i always think back to two specific ones i watched when i was about 6 or 7 years old.
the first one is a famous animated film called "dumbo".
i didn't remember what the story was about until i re-watched it as an adult. although i do remember the scene where dumbo bathes in liquor, gets drunk, and sees pink elephants.
the other one is not an animated film, but i think it's one of the most disney-like movies ever made.
"the gnome-mobile" is a 1967 walt disney productions comedy-fantasy film directed by robert stevenson according to wikipedia.
i suppose i watched it when i was around 6 but i don't remember the details, let alone the story.
i just remember that two adorable children, the same who acted in the renowned "mary poppins" with famous julie andrews, and many gnomes were running around in the woods.
yesterday, i got a headache and went back home earlier than usual.
i usually spend too much time on cooking.
yesterday, however, i didn't have enough time to cook so i made nabe.
nabe is delicious, nourishing, and easy to cook.
on top of that, i can use any kind of meat and vegetables, so i can save money by choosing ingredients on sale.
it is the best way for me to survive winter!
even though it was cloudy with a strong wind like a typhoon yesterday, it's very fine this morning.
yesterday, the weather was so bad that a few trains or planes were delayed.
in nara, on march 1st, every public high school holds the graduation ceremony, and it was held yesterday.
i saw some mothers all decked out for it while driving yesterday afternoon.
i wonder how emothion they had in it.
completely different language
apparently, i'll continue to literally translate between japanese and english.
it is like remodeling a car into a ship.
it has been a strong wind since last night.
spring has started to come.
i want to wash and clean my car because it is very dirty.
nowadays, people are harming their health by eating too much junk food.
many investigations show that this kind of food is very harmful to the human body, therefore, finding a solution for this problem would be a good initiative.
food education is a good idea because people should realize that their food could harm their health.
this topic should be taught in schools and it is as important as any other subject.
dietary habits shape our future, determine our lifespan and our quality of life.
people need to know how important it is to eat natural food such as fruits or vegetables, rather than junk food or industrial products which contain many additives.
in addition, this type of food is very popular when compared to other types of food, it becomes an easy option in many situations.
to summarize, people should know these points of view.
we can avoid many health problems in our future, just by changing our habits now.
many findings show that this kind of food is very harmful to the human body, therefore, finding a solution for this problem is a good initiative.
in my opinion, there are relevant arguments in favor improving education.
food education is a good idea because people should realize that some food could be detrimental to their health.
this topic should be taught at school and it is as important as any other subject.
our dietary habits shape our future, determine our longevity rate and our quality of life.
people need to know how important it is to eat natural products like fruits or vegetables, rather than junk food or processed products with many additives.
well, routines and stress are factors which promote poor diets.
after all, junk food is cheap and you can get it easily.
in addition, this type of food is very popular and compared to other types of food and it is easily obtained in many instances.
in summary, people should be educated about the harmful effects of this type of food.
eating healthy is a way to respect our body, and for that reason, we must choose our foods wisely and not just for pleasure or comfort, or simply because we do not have enough time.
we can avoid many health problems in our future by simply changing our habits now.
after running some errands, i walked around the university's museum.
the mother replied, "he is too shy..." before she could complete the sentence, he murmured, "yep." i encouraged him by saying, "good!
i read these words a few years ago, and each time, i find something new in them.
i hope i have done enough justice to its author, to whom all my admiration is dedicated.
i know how much you like to hear it said - but i don't write it just for that reason: i do so because writing to you warms my heart.
so much time has passed since i last wrote to you, almost two years, but i know you will forgive me because you know how i am, stubborn and realistic, and have always thought that writing made no sense.
but now, my darling wife, i know i must do what i have delayed for too long; what i have done so often in the past:
i find it hard to understand in my mind what it means to love you now that you are dead, but i still want to comfort you and take care of you, just as i want you to love me and take care of me.
i want to deal with problems with you; i want to do little projects with you.
i never thought we could do such a thing until now.
thinking of us.
we had started to learn to make clothes together, to speak chinese, to use a movie projector.
can't i do that now?
i am all alone without you: you were my "ideal woman" and the instigator of all our crazy adventures.
this is the letter that richard wrote to the love of his life, arline.
i first read these words a few years ago, and now each time i read them, i find something new.
i hope i have done justice to its author, to whom all my admiration is dedicated.
so much time has passed since i last wrote to you, almost two years, but i know you will forgive me because you know how i am, stubborn and realistic, and i believed that writing made no sense.
when you got sick, you were worried because you couldn't give me certain things that you believed i needed.
and now this is even more true: you can't give me anything, yet i love you so much that i couldn't love any other woman - nor would i want to.
but you can't do anything about it, my darling, and neither can i.
i don't understand: i met several girls, even cute girls, and i don't want to remain alone, but after two or three meetings, they do not stimulate me to continue the relationship.
the post scriptum is all the author.
he uses irony almost as if he wants to confine the pain of his loss, accepting the presence of his wife in a dimension that he himself cannot fully grasp.
i don't understand: i met several girls, even cute girls, and i don't want to remain alone. but after two or three meetings they do not motivate me to continue the relationship.
he uses irony almost as if he wants to contain the pain of his loss, accepting the presence of his wife in a dimension that he himself does not understand.
i know that you will think me foolish and that you want to see me fully happy and don't want to be an obstacle for me.
i don't understand: i've met several girls, even cute girls, and i don't want to remain alone, but after two or three meetings they still do not stimulate me to continue the relationship.
it costs much money.
the first time i heard of it is when i was talking with my indonesian friend on skype and he asked me whether i knew about this building being constructed.
i felt quite embarrassed because i didn't know about it!
now you know that i'm not a knowledgeable person about such things.
but later on, i read about it in a post by asean skyline and noticed that it was the one i had been asked about.
that post gave me some amazing information about landmark 81, one of the tallest buildings in southeast asia. it was dubbed "the great wall of saigon" by asean skyline.
but the most surprising thing i learned that day is that the unknown building i had been asked about is exactly the one i see every day on the way to school.
i was wondering to myself how it compares in height to the bitexco tower.
although vietnam does not have many high-rise buildings, it made me proud when i discovered that a vietnamese building will be one of the tallest buildings in sea.
today's diary entry
today's event
i had been writing a diary in english on my notebook until yesterday but i wonder whether my english expressions are correct, so i've decided to use lang-8.
my manager advised me that the target time to finish it is within 2 hours so try it keeping in my mind.
making a quote is so difficult for me because of the lack of my knowledge of car parts. that was why i thought i should study them more.
thank you for your concern about me and talking to me, my kind two bosses.
i never try to choose kimonos that contain gold powder, or embroidered, hand-painted or crepe de chine kimonos.
getting them wet can cause problems such as shrinkage and loss of colour!
i love cotton kimonos but they lose their colours through water easily.
i recommend that you wash them with water containing salt and clear vinegar.
you can prevent the colour loss that way.
besides bayonetta 3 and octopath--whose release dates are still unknown--i have no interest in any other released switch titles.
i really hope nintendo would keep the momentum going and release more aaa games in 2018.
no more remastered games or ported mobile games please.
i couldn't remember my passwords, 'lang-8' sent me the email due to that.
my last diary was written several years ago.
i often simulate original models of fluid dynamics using python.
python is a programming language which is good for beginners.
this building is called "gojunoto."
that means a 5-storied pagoda.
there are many sculptures shaped the signs of the chinese zodiac on its wall.
normally, the order is the following according to the chinese zodiac story.
however, on the pagoda, tiger is first, rabbit is second, and dragon is third...
it's different.
why is it different from the normal order?
gojunoto was built by tokugawa iemitsu and his sign of chinese zodiac was dragon.
his grandfather's one was tiger and father's one was rabbit.
i guess that's why it has such a weird order.
at the beginning of the lesson, my teacher offered me a chocolate cookie, which is my favourite.
he told me that he also liked it, so he wanted to eat pillow sized version of this cookie.
of course there was no such thing.
or i should write a letter to the cookie company to see if they would listen to our requests to make our ideal chocolate cookies.
i put some chopped green onions and egg on top of the beef.
even though it was carbohydrates and not good for my diet, the sukiyaki was tasty.
since my wife and i were very tired, we decided to buy a sukiyaki bento for dinner.
i topped it with some chopped green onions and egg on the beef.
there was a very strong wind today.
if you could cry on anyone's shoulder, whose shoulder would it be?
because he really listens to what i have to say and gives me good advice, i think he is trustworthy.
however, since beginning my university studies i have participated more frequently,
in 2013 alongside my brother i started a brewery.
and since 2016 i have been working at a wind energy service company in the commissioning department.
this job has allowed me travel to different countries and to work together with people of multiple nationalities.
hughes, in a dope
pad, on orchestra place".
i'm planning to visit europe this spring.
i'm not sure if i'll be able to take my vacation though.
i'd like to take a night train during the travel.
in japan, night trains have disappeared one after another this decade.
as a result, they are in service only during the new year holidays.
i've heard that there are many long-distance train lines in europe.
that is one of the reasons why i want to travel to europe.
france, finland, hungary, switzerland,...
admission
i have applied for the masters program at eae business school.
this is due to a personal recommendation from an ex-student.
as well as for the good position of eae in the different rankings.
and recently for the very good telephone interview.
where i learned more about the methodology used in the masters.
and also, the different departments and activities available at the eae.
i have requested a master studies in eae business school.
the reason for this is due to a personal recommendation from an ex-student.
as well as for the good position of eae in the different rankings.
through which i will be able to better understand the methodology used in the master.
as well as the different departments and activities available in the eae.
i had udon noodles for dinner with co-workers tonight.
march has begun.
i have to record grades and make final arrangements.
the trouble is i should know its turn.
i think i have a stye.
i sometimes get symptoms of one when i get tired.
how many times a day should i apply the medicine to my eyes?
is it okay to use the medicine until it gets better?
i watched the greatest showman today.
it was really nice and taught me important things.
i went through the life of the greatest showman,
and then back to my life. now i see my life in different way.
it was just what i needed.
additionally, the songs were absolutely great.
i already bought the soundtrack.
fyi,
we can get discounted movies on the 1st day of every month in japan.
funny dialogue
because you are an asian."
i laughed again.
maybe i should take some time for improving fluency while ignoring all grammatical errors and inaccuracies.
if i can't say anything for a minute because i'm too concerned with grammar and worry whether i am wrong, the other person who is waiting for my words will be very tired and frustrated.
i don't have to speak like a native speaker now.
i have just written this down in a row without self correction to practice.
but i think that's okay, at least for now.
"i'm going to pig out tonight!" means "i'm going to eat a lot tonight!" my english teacher taught us that at the lesson.
he often teaches us useful phrases like that.
maybe this is the reason why united states are great.no need to use "the" or "a" in front of a country name
you can structure this sentence is couple ways:1. however, i don't think that american freedom, democracy, and human rights are advantageous.2. nevertheless, in my opinion, american freedom, democracy, and human rights have some disadvantages.the meaning is pretty much the same. use whichever you like best.
most of the chinese people have never seen an american in their entire life, which is regrettable.
i took a paid vacation yesterday.
i went to karaoke by myself and practiced singing some english songs.
then i went to see a dermatologist and got treatment for my face.
i used to have many pimples on my face and it had been made me so depressed everyday.
now i have less but there still are many craters on my face.
specifically, i do a laser treatment and injection treatment.
before i do those, i apply an anesthetic to my face and just wait until it works.
then i do the laser treatment.
after that, my face gets so red.
so i wear a mask and go back to my flat, hoping nobody sees my face.
i think my skin is better than before but i still feel insecure in front of people in a bright room where my skin reflects the light and the craters stand out.
do you know any websites or language courses for learning english, which use "point of view" short stories?
i know grammar, but i want to bring it to life and start to use it correctly, without thinking about grammar rules every time i need them.
in a point of view short story, the point is that the same short stories are written in a few versions.
every version of the short story is told in a different tense.
it helps me a lot to better remember rules, but i can find only a few of that kind of short story on the web.
or maybe you know a better way to master them?
i heard an interesting story about bitcoin.
a famous japanese comedian was asked to buy ten coins for 1000 dollars by an acquaintance.
the coins were plated in a golden color and had a letter "b" carved on the surface.
he said these are bitcoins.
he said to the comedian that bitcoin would definitely rise and the comedian knew bitcoin was popular.
so the comedian bought them for 1000 dollars.
if you noticed that the story was strange, it means you knew something about bitcoins.
because bitcoin is a virtual currency, so they don't exist as real coins.
the comedian noticed that after he bought them that he had been deceived.
did you find that funny?
or would you have been deceived like him?
i'm just on the spring vacation.
i've worked part time or stayed home all day recently.
mostly i watch movies, read books, see twitter, and sleep at home.
i enjoy my vacation, but i haven't done anything about designs.
i have learned the basic of designs for 2 years until now.
now it is the time to think about what my dream job is and what design i like.
i must organize my thought, but i haven't found my dream yet.
so i should know and experience any jobs or works.
i think the first step is to manage your time because is very important for achieving your goals also you can study more and this can open doors for you in the future.
another important point is that everybody has fears, and you need face your fears and understand certain situations. if you master this aspect you can better direct the situations in real life.
finally you have to admit your mistakes because mistakes allow you to learn more than good experiences do, and this is part of learning
i think the first step is to manage your time because it is very important to achieve your goals, also you can study more, and because of that you can open doors in the future.
another important point is that everybody has fears, and you need to face your fears and understand the situation. if you achieve this, you can handle the situation better in the real life.
and finally you have to admit your mistakes, because mistakes can teach you more than good experiences. this is part of learning
what i remember is only an odd thing or an image.
but i can never remember the entire dream, since they are too abstract.
question 1: do you often have dreams?
question 2: do you usually remember your dreams?
i usually only remember odd things and images.
nowadays, many children are busy with school, homework, and other duties, and that is why they do not have enough time to go out each day and just enjoy the sunshine or fresh air.
i am inclined to believe that they can not develop well without understanding the natural environment, without having activities in the fresh air and a real knowledge of why we must protect our environment and so on.
they have to go out, walk several kilometers each day, breathe the fresh air or do sports activities.
if people do not do this, consequently, it leads to a lack of good health and some problems with health.
when they become adolescents, they enroll at university, and as a result, they will have less time for such activities or just forget about them.
the main trend here is that if they did not pick up such a habit in childhood, with age they will not do it at all.
secondly, when children play outside, they can get to know the world by playing in the park or with animals.
they are in the natural environment and subsequently, this develops their curiosity because they see a myriad of unknown things which they will want to know.
with time, they will understand that the environment plays a crucial role in our life; that is why we should protect it.
in the future, this generation will be aware of environmental problems and will try to solve them faster and more professionally.
to sum up, children are very busy with their everyday activities and if they can not spend some of their time on the environment, as a result, this leads to some problems with age, like a lack of mental agility or health problems.
important components of a production of a masterpiece are music,, an orchestra and a conductor, and an all-star cast.
the artistic staff and technical personnel are: the playwright, who writes plays; the scriptwriter, who writes a script; the director, who interprets the play; the producer, who has general control of the money for the play; and the casting director.
the book is for kids, but it is a well written story about pranksters.
i finished this book in english a couple of days ago.
the small cars are restricted in their size and the power of their engine, however the owners of small cars receive a lot of benefits.
for example the high way fee, car insurance rates and the car tax are all offered at discounted price for the owners of small cars.
as well as the above mentioned benefits the owners can reduce the running cost of the cars.
the owners can reduce running cost of the cars.
the small car uses less fuel than other car models.
they can drive a long way whilst using fuel efficiently.
the cost of replacing tires
car owners have to replace their car tires periodically, which is burdensome.
in general the cost is related to the car size, so in case of small cars, the owner can replace their tires at a reasonable price.
there are of lot of benefits for small car owners.
i searched for foreign news about small cars before typing this article, and i know now that this car culture is only japanese.
i understand that there are a lot of problems but i have confidence that small cars are good for many regions.
the diagram below shows us the inner workings of a central heating system and how it works in a house.
firstly, we can see on the top on the diagram the water tank, which is used to fill the storage tank, receives the cold water that enters into the house and then directs it to the storage tank.
this simple system known as a central heating system provides homes with hot water by using the cold water entering into the house.
there is a pipeline distributed throughout the house; this pipeline, along with the pump, allows the transport of water to different places in the house.
before the hot water gets to the hot water taps and hot water radiators for final usage in bathrooms and kitchens inside the house, it has to go to the boiler, which can run on either gas or oil.
this simple system, known as a central heating system, provides homes with hot water by using the cold water entering into the house.
nuclear technology has given governments the power to harm the world we live in.
on the other hand nuclear technology has been shown to have positive applications like electric energy production.
in my opinion nuclear energy can be as harmful as man wants it to be.
even though atomic bombs can dramatically affect the population, it is not the only application of nuclear energy.
the same thing happens with nuclear energy, it has positive and negative applications, so it depends on the human race to make responsible decisions on how to use technologies such as nuclear energy.
nuclear energy produces large amounts of energy in a more efficient way than hydroelectric or wind power plants can.
in conclusion, the danger that nuclear technology poses to our lives is directly related to how man uses it. in conclusion, nuclear technology can be potentially dangerous to our lives depending on how we choose to use it.
it is up to governments, authorities, and us as a society to make sure we wisely use the resources that we currently count on.
yet the technology has been put to positive use as an energy source, as well as in certain areas of medicine.
on the other hand nuclear technology has been shown to have positive applications like electrical energy production.
the same thing is true for nuclear energy; it has good and bad applications. it is the duty of the human race to make responsible decisions on how to use technologies such as nuclear energy.
nuclear energy produces large amounts of energy more efficiently than hydroelectric or wind power plants can.
a fortnight ago, a gun shooting rampage happened at a school in america.
just after the tragedy, mr trump insisted that the more teachers that have guns at school, the safer students would become.
no sooner were the words out of his mouth than american citizens saw another gun shooting incident today: a teacher threatened his students with a gun and barricaded himself in the classroom!
grip firmly onto human nature which is coming to an end.
please pay the amount specified in the bill by the end of this month.
please see the attached bill.
i am sleepy, but nevertheless alive.
last time i visited here, i only read in the book store, kyobo.
the purpose of this journey is to visit another book store called young-gwang book store.
i am supposed to get there - not by searching on my phone - but by asking people.
i found it interesting in the following way.
sometimes they directly took me to get to the place where i wanted to go.
naturally the conversation is going to drag on as they have many questions, for example, what do you do for living; why did you come here; how old do i look; etc
the artist
she finished art school in 2008.
kate is always taking part in different exhibitions around the world.
recently she has discovered a new passion for herself.
she is going to take a part in exhibition next winter.
she has been working on it for the past six months.
she has already made three sets of the pictures from the collection.
kate is going to make 10 of the same sets.
she is going to the france next week.
she will visit paris and maybe some villages around france.
kate expects to take some good photos for her project.
the friend is becoming more and more curious, so next day he furtively follows dr-f.
it doesn't carry dr-f's bag, and when he drops his handkerchief accidentally, it neither picks it up for him nor even tells him about it.
irritated, the friend finally plots to set the dog on dr-f.
the dog, being set free, runs towards dr-f and begins to bark at him.
the robot doesn't do anything but run around dr-f, trying to scare off the dog.
seeing this from his hiding place and feeling fed up, the friend thinks, "what nonsense" and gives up his research.
dr-f returns to his home, and in the evening and before going to bed at night, he gives an order to his robot, "go ahead."
the robot sets out to begin his work for a while: he sits at the desk, takes out the notebook, and writes in dr-f's diary, "lost my handkerchief while out for a walk.
barked at by a dog and narrowly escaped, and so on..."
looking down at the book from behind the robot, dr-f mutters, "i hate mundane tasks like writing a diary.
the robot in tow still does nothing in particular.
it doesn't carry dr-f's bag, and when he drops his handkerchief accidentally, it doesn't pick it up for him either or even tell him about it.
irritated, the friend plots to set the dogs on dr-f.
the robot doesn't do anything but to run around with dr-f, trying to get the dog out of there.
the robot begins to work for a while: sits at the desk, takes out a notebook, and writes in dr-f's diary, "lost my handkerchief while out for a walk.
annual report of the casablanca film club
the aim of this report is to inform members of the casablanca film club about the main events carried out over the last year s also to present plans for activities in the coming year.
additionally, it will summarize the current financial position of the club.
the open doors weekend: during the first weekend of may, access to the club was completely free.
members of the club showed visitors the facilities and informed them about the wide range of activities that are carried out.
the argentinean week: in past years, the club organised a special week during which only films from argentina were shown.
the annual meeting of film clubs: on the first of june, the club was chosen to hold this prestigious event.
members of other clubs gathered at the facilities of the club where they shared their experiences.
many films are so deteriorated that they can hardly be shown.
it is also be necessary to acquire new films.
in fact, membership fees will have to be raised if the club wants to carry out the plans indicated above.
the club board is going to meet with the councillor responsible for culture and sports to let him know what the plans and activities of the club are and to try to get funding from the city council.
additionally, the club is going to ask neighbours and businesses for financial support to maintain and improve something as useful for young people as the film club.
the aim of this report is to inform members of the casablanca film club about the main events carried out over the last year, as well as present plans for the coming year.
members of the club gave visitors tours of the facilities and informed them about the wide range of activities that happen there.
the argentinean director pablo ramos visited the club and spoke about his latest project.
to increase the number of members: although the club has to compete with more appealing activities in the neighbourhood, the club board is going to launch a campaign aimed at young people.
it will also be necessary to acquire new films.
in fact, membership fees will have to be increased if the club wants to carry out the plans indicated above.
it has ambitious plans and to achieve them, the club will need its members to be more involved.
enjoy every moment of life without comparing it to anyone else's.
try to take interest in the small things you do either for yourself or others.
if you keep comparing your life with the lives of others, you will never be happy.
you will have to live an unhappy and unhealthy life,
i'm thinking about a calm weekend.
i like lazy weekends too.
we could go to the cinema or eat out at some cafe.
do you like asian food?
in addition, an impressive person was pnb rock.
i heard he is from pennsylvania.
i lived in there as a child.
i started lang-8 from today, because i'd like to improve my english skill.
but, i'm not sure how to use it so far.
today is a very windy day.
it is very windy in my city today.
however, the train that i usually take to work is running today.
but it is not lucky because some colleagues cannot go to the office.
if the train isn't running, i do not have to go to the office.
a lot of things made me happy yesterday!
first, my boyfriend and i decided a house where we live together.
we are going to move there on march 22nd.
moving my body while listening to old animation songs made me so excited.
i am already looking forward to going there next week because he may use the song of yu-yu-hakusyo or slumdunk!
lastly, i helped my boyfriend with his job hunting.
i was very happy to hear that a professional praised me!!
first, my boyfriend and i decided on a place to live together.
we are going to move on march 22nd.
getting some exercise by dancing along to songs from old shows gives me an adrenaline rush!!!
i am already looking forward to next week's lesson because he may use songs from yu-yu-hakusyo or slam dunk!
i feel that spring is coming very soon.
it's been windy here lately.
i can't stand up straight or else i'll almost fall down.
and sometimes it'll rain where i live when it hasn't been rainy.
i feel that spring is coming soon...
it's like bread, so it smelled good!
i downloaded a curling game on my smartphone during the olympic games.
i i did curling in real life once before but i didn't know the rules at all, so it was just like an i imitation.
i learned a bit about the rules as i watched this olympic's curling games.
anyway, this smartphone game is so addictive that i can't stop playing it in my free time.
i think the opponents are also people who have downloaded the game from all over the world.
so sometimes they are very bad and sometimes they quit since they know that they will lose, so watching opponents is also fun.
i bet people also laugh at me because i'm a terrible player too.
the other day, i really wanted to just enjoy a movie without any bother, so i went to the movies alone.
the guy who sat behind me kept kicking my seat whenever he burst out laughing at funny scenes.
all the seats around me were so packed, that i couldn't change seats and i just tried to put up with him by thinking that he was unconsciously reacting to the movie.
when my patience wore out at last, i just looked at him again without a word and he finally stopped kicking my seat.
we attempted to persuade them to participate in an explanatory meeting to be held on monday.
in english, is there a typical name for something like a paper with a lot of photos?
there are many photos of students or scenery.
they are stuck on a large piece of paper, and it is put on a wall.
if you can, i want to know what it's called.
very often, when my brother is playing computer games in his room, his friend comes to see him.
his friend says that, as a matter of fact, he wants to invite my brother to a party in the country.
five people are going to go by car, and they are inviting my brother to come with them.
his friend says that these guys are very good people.
they don't drink and don't smoke, they play gold and listen to the good music.
his friend says that these guys know a lot of funny stories, and they speak english well because they often go to britain.
his friend says that they want to help my brother.
they are going to invite him to their office because the people there make a lot of money.
it seems we should be happier than our ancestors because many of us only read or hear about wars, famine and many other unpleasant things.
however, the global level of unhappiness is still high.
maybe it is impossible to find universal pieces of advice, which can help everyone to be happier.
nevertheless, i want to tell you about some personal tips of mine.
our brain concentrates on exercise, we become healthier and more attractive and we can have extra energy to do something.
having regular sport training is much easier than many people imagine.
we should just find time, choose the best suitable kind of sport and start going to a gym or to a sport studio at least 2-3 times per week.
i like dancing and go to bachata classes because it is sport, fun and great linguistic and psychological practice for me.
my best friends live in another country but even an opportunity to listen to their voices or laugh at their jokes always brings fun into my life.
a good book can be as useful as a good friend.
it gives us important information, entertains us and makes us more cheerful or creative.
for me it is a book about the super power of an ordinary man, which always inspires me to see life brighter and achieve my goals more persistently.
what matters is that we want to be happier.
some personal tips on how to be happier
one of the main psychological problems of modern society is the loss of the ability to be happy.
exercising regularly is much easier than many people imagine.
we should just find time, choose the most suitable kind of exercise, and start going to a gym or to a sports studio at least 2-3 times per week.
secondly, i think we should talk to our friends as often as possible in order to be happier.
we should just call our best friends, speak to them and think about the best thing possible to share right now.
my best friends live in another country, but even an opportunity to listen to their voices or laugh at their jokes always brings fun into my life.
people who read many books are often wise and good speakers.
reading does not need much money or special preparation.
we ought to choose either a physical book or e-book, buy it or find it for free, and begin to read.
it might not matter which ways we choose to be happier.
i work from home today.
it takes about 90 minutes to get from my home to my office, so telecommuting is a really useful system.
i bought lunch from my favorite bakery and ate it at a beach near my house.
the wind was strong but i was able to enjoy the nice scenery and delicious, fresh bread.
i think that learning english can become your weapon
in fact, we have completed the synthesis and the simulation of processes, and now we are doing experiments with the aim of optimizing the pretreatment and hydrolysis steps.
due to our limited technological capacity, we are limited to the sulfuric acid process, and our analyses are limited to that of total sugars and some inhibitors.
the results obtained will be exploited for the rest of the process, in fermentation and distillation in which we have completed good results using simulations, mainly with the molasses process.
i think it will be very interesting to conduct experimental work on pretreatment, hydrolysis, and fermentation, as described above.
however, i can only support myself for a 3 to 4 months of stay in stellenbosch, and my school can only give me the travel expenses from morocco to stellenbosch.
otherwise, i'm attached by a contract with the school to teach a few hours weekly until june, and with the pay i get, i finance my studies and with it i could fund my stay in stellenbosch.
i propose to do some experiments here with the techniques we have, and to only come to stellenbosch to conduct a reduced number of tests to confirm the results obtained and to achieve the analyses necessary for the rest of the work.
i will try to work double time, in stellenbosch, if it is possible?
we can also start fermentation experiments, and your group will continue on the rest of the fermentation tests, on my behalf.
someone tried to con you last night while you were going into a club.
the rest of us are going to wait for you by the pool because someone farted in the house and it stinks like hell.
you once hooked one of your friends up with your neighbor.
does it still work if i put the word "up" next to the word "hooked" in the previous two sentences?
it is warm today.
in japan, there are some days from february to the middle of march every year, when strong wind blows.
this morning, the weather forecast said, "the wind of last night was the first spring storm."
we say that on the day when the first spring storm blows, the temperature rises, but the cold will return next day.
actually, today's minimum temperature is 9 degrees and the maximum is 16 degrees.
i don't know how to say it.
i'm 24 years old this year, however, i'm still a student and i need my parents to give me money to live.
i know that i should study very hard, but i always don't know how to do it and i can't stop playing with my phone.
my grandmonther died this year,and my father and my grandfather are very upset.
i had never seen my father cry before, but this time he always can't stop crying.
i always tell myself that i must try to study very well, then i will be able to find a good job and make more money.
only then can i take my family to play all over the world and buy things for them.
i like to make plans, but most of them won't come true.
can  i change this time?
i am fighting!
it helps you to understand your working life, relationships, disappointments, people etc.
one can only imagine these things before experiencing them and most likely your assumptions would not be %100 correct.
before we knew it we had talked for about one hour but i was so involved and having such a good time that while talking i saw the clock and all of a sudden i realized that we had been talking for about two hours.
we were talking about different things.
idiomatic expressions, words and even phrasal verbs, the one that always mess with my mind.
we shared what we know and it was mutually beneficial.
sometime when you are reading or hearing a new word you can notice where it comes from because it is a compound word or you know what a part of the word meansand you can figure it out.
besides we could discover some words that mean the same in both languages whcih makes our life easier hahaha.
ones of the things that disturbs native english a lot about the spanish language are the spanish verb conjugation and the reflexive verbs.
they are a mess and gender agreeing with adjectives and nouns are more of the same.
sorry for my english mates, it can be frustrating sometimes, but it`s the same for me with english.
in men's figure skating, yuzuru hanyu won the gold medal.
in women's ski jumping, sara takanashi won the bronze medal.
many athletes mimicked her jumping skill and copied her jumping form, and they surpassed sara's performance.
sara couldn't make a good record in recent years.
but she stayed calm and made up her mind to win the bronze medal at any cost.
i'm very happy for her.
during the 17 days of the olympics, i noticed an increase by one or two medals in the morning.
thank you, japanese team.
also, women's curling was the most interesting, and the japanese curling girls took the japanese people's hearts away.
they paused for a snack in the middle of the game.
but the japanese girls always sit down and eat like in a picnic.
in japan, the nhk interrupted the broadcast during the snack time scene.
however, they received many telephone calls that begged, "don't cut the cute snack time!
the nhk uploaded the video, "curling girls at snack time".
the pyeongchang olympics 2018 was the most impressive one to me.
yuzuru hanyu won the gold medal in the men's figure skating.
he became the first consecutive gold medalist in 66 years since dick button, usa.
although his right ankle was seriously injured three months ago, he overcame the pain and pressure.
in the women's ski jump, sara takanashi won the bronze medal.
in women's speed skating, the japanese team won a total of four medals; two golds, a silver and a bronze.
however, the women's curling was the most interesting event, and the japanese girls took japanese people's hearts away.
they always smiled and talked in a happy mood.
they took snack time in the middle of the game.
but japanese girls always sit down and eat like they're having a picnic.
in japan, nhk cut the snack time scene.
but nhk received many telephone calls saying, "don't cut the cute snack time!
my husband and i like joking with each other.
my husband got it first, and then i got it from him.
a stupid couple!
my husband and i like joking to each other.
my husband got it first, and then, i got it from him.
my son told me that getting a flu shot might cost 5,000 yen.
what flu type did your doctor say that you'd got?"
"a type.
one of my friends recommended raw honey to me the other day.
raw honey helps when i feel fatigued, and it is good for your intestinal environment, doing things such as relieving constipation.
honeycomb is edible. did you know that?
i've been working for accenture since june 2017.
may i ask a question about the apostrophe?
why did she throw away my affection?
the first time i met her was at a coffee bar, she was beautiful and wore a cute white skirt.
i introduced myself to her:
for example, your two eyes are lovely like a8 chips in iphone.
someday, if i remove the chips and gently clean them with a piece of rough paper and re-clean them with a smooth towel after that, they will get highlighted.
your lips are the same as two rams 8g, in general your face looks like a mobile phone's cpu.
your teeth are as white as my keyboard.
she immediately replied to me: "i think you're confused and that you have an occupational disease seriously".
i beat the table and said: "it's impossible to say that i have an occupational disease.
i am very patient and have worked hard to build my career.
i went back my company after that.
today is the chinese new year's day.
i went to a temple to have my fortune told.
the fortune teller said i am going to find love in the new year.
i don't believe in fortune-telling. the intent is just to make people feel a little happier.
i am pleased to address the admissions committee to submit my candidacy for master in project management,
my name is alejandro, i reside in albacete.
my grandfather, my parents and uncles manage energy, farming and engineering companies.
since i was young i have helped out with the family business.
i began to get involved more actively.
i've been going back and forth between work and school as i study for my degree.
since 2016 i have been working at a wind energy service company, in the commissioning department, and this job has allowed me travel to different countries and to work together with people of multiple nationalities.
introduction
in addition, i led a free training: introduction to big data course, and a leadership and team management workshop.
hi friends, i promised to show this dress for a tea party.
hi friends, i promised that i'd show you all this dress i made for a tea party.
i made the dress from kimono and will wear it until spring.
i think a garment with kimono fabric makes a woman look more mature, because its print is very classic.
but i like classic prints!
when i make a garment from a kimono, i try to choose youthful and modern designed patterns.
hi friends, i promised to show you this dress for a tea party.
i think a garment with kimono fabric makes a woman look older, because its style is very traditional.
but i like traditional styles!
when i make a garment using a kimono, i try to choose a youthful and modern pattern.
my main objective is studying for a master`s degree in project management.
secondly it is to be able to develop my skills and knowledge in the field in which i would like to dedicate my professional life.
the reason i selected a master`s degree in business school is because of the personal recommendation from ex-student as well as the good position of eae in school rankings and more recently due to a very good telephone interview.
the interview make me more informed as it relates to the methodology used for the master`s degree and also, the different departments and activities available at the school.
on weekdays i feel like 24 hours a day is not enough at all!
on weekends i feel bored.
i once heard a saying that goes "writing poems is the manliest way to cry".
i heard the melody i always used to wake up to from other people's phones, and it startled me.
what does "freaking out" mean?
these priceless moments, when you sit with a book, leaf through its pages, absorb new knowledge, whether it's vocabulary or grammar.
for this reason i love languages.
and the average salary is low.
my son complains of about his elementary school every day because he and his classmates are forced to prepare for their graduation ceremony in the middle of march.
in japan, in such a school ceremony, students must yell their words simultaneously in a performance in front of lots of guests, teachers, and their parents.
in order to not make a mistake, students are forced to practice yelling their words together for an hour every day.
when i was a student, i hated such  practicing and ceremony.
surprisingly, some students had begun crying many times when we were practicing the graduation ceremony.
i was not able to understand why they were crying.
what were they crying for?
maybe there are such sensitive children, who stand on the contrary to me.
it was my first time going there.
i had ridden some attractions like that, but the attractions in fuji-q are the most screaming, i think.
i want to go there again soon!
in the coming season, it will become warmer each time it rains.
today is a graduation ceremony of daughter's high school.my daughter's high school graduation ceremony was today.
her high school life was enriched.she had a fulfilling high school life.
she also experienced student council.she was also a part of the student council.she was also in student council.
she passed an applying university.she will be entering into the university of her choice.she passed the entrance exam to the university of her choice.
thank you very much everyone for supporting her.
i'd like to support her future.i would like to continue supporting her.
it swept away the rain clouds with a loud sound.
my body had been getting stiff for a long time because it was cold, but i am released from that.
i think that they will restart this evening.
k without a coat because today's temperature is 13 degrees.
the strong winds have become the spice of my life.
i would like to decide to do a lot of things.
my body has been stiff for a long time because it has been cold, but i am released from that.
i have been freed from the cold that was making my body feel stiff for a long time.
the strong winds have become an important spice to my life.
i want to run to the best of my ability while letting myself go in the wind.
it swept away the rain clouds loudly.
k without a coat because it's 13 degrees today.
i would like to make a lot of decisions.
i want to run to the best of my ability without letting the wind take me away.
i think there are many second-hand kimono stores in siteseeing spots in japan, but their kimonos are very expensive.
when i make my garments with kimono fabric, i usually take them apart and wash them myself before cutting the parts.
the step i'm on represents the situation i have, and the upper steps mean the future situation i'm supposed to have.
if i only look at the upper steps, i'll stumble over the steps i'm on.
if i only look the steps i'm on, it takes a long time to go up.
watch your step
the step i'm on represents my current situation, and the upper steps symbolize the future situation i'm aiming for.
if i only look the steps i'm on, it'll take a long time to go up.
i have to look the whole staircase to go up.
a state-run casino will be built by 2025.
because the number of foreign tourists has already increased without the casino.
if they wanted to play games at a casino, they would go to other countries.
the government will set a limitation on visits to the casino, but they need to do more research and take measures to protect our lives.
the place hasn't been decided yet, but the candidate places are located in reclaimed areas. the casinos will be included in a huge amusement complex.
i think tourists' purpose of visiting japan is that they want to experience our culture or appreciate the beautiful scenery.
the project management is an area in which i have always been interested.
therefore, i have a very good predisposition for learning in this area.
and, i will try contribute to the class with my experiences lived until this moment.
therefore, i request to be accepted at master in project management in the 2018-2019 academic year.
if everything happens for a reason,why do we often have windy days in spring?
i wonder if the wind brings us happiness.
today my customer in indonesia asked me to send him as many brochures as possible.
and i replied him by an email that we can provide the brochures for free, but that they needed to pay the freight fee.
and he replied to me very quickly, he told me he wanted in total about 40 brochures.
i was glad for the progress.
i hope for more improvement.
his course of study has not been decided yet because the result of his university entrance exam won't be released until march 10th.
my wife and i attended my son's high school graduation ceremony today.
it feels like he just entered high school yesterday.
time flies.
his course is not decided because the result of his university entrance exam will be released on march 10th.
his future course has not been decided yet because the result of his university entrance exam won't be released until march 10th.
the upper part of my throat has felt soar.
the trick to cure it sooner is to keep my mouth shut.
the upper part of my throat has felt sore.
the trick to cure it sooner is to keep my mouth closed.
can i say "who kept the water running?" instead of saying "who left the water running?"?
i'm so happy today because the sumo wrestler whom i like became a sumo coach.
in the 1980s, oklahoma, where oil was extracted at a rate of 140 million cubic feet per day, was the biggest gas well he drilled, and it cost him $4.5 million.
in the warranty period, the customer pays the freight charge for returning the broken units to seller.
the seller pays the freight charge for sending the recovered units back to the buyer.
i wasn't be able to see the bottom part of the pole since i was riding on a hover-board
and was concentrating on pushing the button for the pedestrian signal to cross the road.
i checked the metal cable right away after i removed it from my foot to see if it was rusty.
fortunately that cable was not rusty but i have been worried about getting an infection and tetanus from the metal.
so i phoned the medical center if i could see a doctor today.
the main characters of 2020 tokyo olympic games were decided yesterday.
they were designed by using both of the modern and traditional patterns.
i am really looking forward to the olympic games here, but i'm worried about it at the same time because it's held during a very hot summer.
we should prepare well so that no one has to suffer from the heat and and high humidity.
a teacher wanted to learn about her new 3rd grade students when the new school year started.
i miss when i was brave enough to make pretty big life decisions without hesitating a lot.
two and a half years ago, i quit my job in korea without thinking about the consequences much and just got a ticket to london to live there for two years.
all i had was a flight ticket and a visa as well as a flat to stay in for 2 weeks that i booked on airbnb when i left for london.
i could only do that because i had faith in myself that i could do anything.
i got a job only a week after i arrived in london and made friends very quickly.
it was not easy to survive in a foreign country without knowing anyone from my previous life in korea, but i'm still proud of myself for being able to do that and to have such a cool experience while i was still young.
now, it's only been 2 and a half years since i came back to korea and i'm turning 30 in 2 years. i feel so scared about everything that's happening around me....
i know that i have to do something about it and move to a new company that's more stable, but i'm scared to just leave my old company where i have all my colleagues that i love to work with.
i miss being more gutsy and thinking that i was the best.
i lost my necklace that my mom gave to me a few weeks ago, so i've been depressed.
i didn't know where i put my necklace..
i should be positive!!" and then, i asked a woman about it. she said "oh, there it is.
is it right?" what a surprise!
thinking positively is very important!
my daughter was taken by ambulance!
this is a story from yesterday.
i got a phone call from my wife.
she said to me, "our daughter was taken by ambulance!"
i was thrown into a panic.
i said to her, "what happened?"
she said to me "she had heat convulsions, but the doctor told me that she is all right now."
because my mother just died in early februray.
at that moment, my family decrease by one person.
that day was a really terrible one.
in every language, there are problems that confuse the learner.
there are many words that have the same meaning, making japanese language learners confused about choosing and using synonymous words.
moreover, synonyms in japanese have not been explained properly in terms of when and under what circumstances such words are used.
in both formal and non-formal languages, as well as written and spoken language, there is little to no detailed explanation of it.
japanese-indonesian dictionaries simply include the definitions of the words, without listing their synonyms, or which ones are used in what context.
based on this, researchers are interested in discussing and exploring more about the synonymous japanese words "isogu", "aseru", and "awateru", which in the indonesian language share the same meaning of 'terburu-buru', in research entitled "the meaning analysis of isogu, aseru, and awateru verbs as synonym ".
the three synonyms are often encountered when watching anime, drama, or when listening to japanese music, and in dictionaries there has been no detailed explanation of these three verbs.
with these considerations, the researchers focused on finding similarities, differences, and possible substitutions of all three words in a sentence.
the method used in this research was the descriptive analysis method.
data was obtained from reliable sources such as books, novels, dictionaries, and also the internet.
as a result, the isogu, aseru, and awateru verbs have the same meaning in indonesian as 'terburu-buru', but there are other alternative meanings as well.
this happens because of the nuances of sentences when translating them into indonesian.
for this situation it can be said that the isogu verb is used when in a calm and clear headed state, while aseru and awateru are used in the opposite situation.
when i was on my way home, i found a1000-yen note on the edge of the sidewalk.
i wavered on whether i should keep it or take it to the police station.
because it was raining and the police station was far away from here, i brought it home for the time being.
and i decided i can keep it.
that's because police cannot find the person who dropped this small amount.
when i was on my way home, i found a 1000-yen note on the side of  the path.
because it was raining and the police station wasn't nearby, i decided to take it home for the time being.
and i decided to keep it for myself.
...because i don't think the police would be able to find the person who dropped a small amount of cash.
when i was on my way home, i found a 1000-yen note at the edge of the walkway.
i wavered on whether or not i should bring it to the police station.
because it was raining and the police station was away, i decided to bring it home for the time being.
after coming home i googled this problem and judged it would be okay to keep for myself.
that's because the police cannot find a person who drops such a small amount of money.
then i will go to bed around 10 o'clock.
yesterday, i went to bed at 10, but i woke up in the middle of the night.
i am sleep deprived due to heavy rain.
i usually study or read a book around 9:00.
i am lacking sleep last night due to heavy rain.
it was raining this morning.
i take a train to work every day, and the train is always delayed.
i can't think of a theme of writing today, and so i'm going to write a short story summary.
the title is "mysterious robot" written by shinichi hoshi.
the story goes like this:
he is getting more and more curious.
i can't think of a theme to write today, and so i'm going to write a short story summary.
according to our last telephone conversation i attached a painting work budget.
the budget will be valid for a month.
i must have made a mistak, because when i arrived at the party, everybody was wearing black suits, while i was in striking blue.
indeed, i could see the deceased person in the coffin, ompanied surrounded by some of my acquaintances.
without showing any sign of deference, i asked the attendees for explanations, but they just responded with a sad silence.
my frustration was growing as the people continued to observe me in hushed silence.
then i made her dance with me, putting my arms around her waist.
after a few steps, she fled my grasp, so i tried to grab another woman, but this one pushed me aside.
"you don't understand," she said.
i tried to invite more people to dance, but nobody wanted to.
people continued observing the scene, but didn't do nor say anything.
the panic made me jump, but two men grabbed hold of me.
meanwhile, the two men who were holding me started to drive me somewhere.
then, the woman who'd spoken to me earlier came.
now, please, be quiet and don't dance over your own grave."
however, i do have a few close friends.
of course, i have many acquaintances.
i know a lot of people from work.
i think that is is all right to make changes in my life to better associate with my friends.
for example, i was into running and i often friends from the running team.
although we are different as for age and job, i was excited about meeting up with them for a hobby.
although close friends want to go their separate ways, there are times that i would like to meet up with at times.
this morning, the weather in chiba was terrible.
there was a heavy rain and thunder.
my son's school had to start two hours later than usual.
they were happy to have free time.
trains operated as usual.
i was going to have a sleepover at a friend's place.
we were supposed to work on a presentation together. i found flashcards on his bed.
i took a look at them and put them back.
i have been hay fever today, so i'm in pain.
i have itchy nose and runny nose, so i'm fed up with it.
i took some medicine a while ago, but it's still not working.
i'll endure until it starts to work.
i am pleased to address the admission committee to submit my candidacy for master in project management.
my name is alejandro
i come from a large family in albacete with a background in business. several members of my family, including my grandfather, my parents and my uncles manage energy, farming, and engineering companies.
i hold a degree in electrical engineering from the university of castilla-la mancha.
additionally, i completed a complementary formation with an introduction to big data course, and a workshop of leadership and team management.
since i was young i have assisted with the family business, but since i started my university studies, i have participated more actively, both in the engineering company with my father and in my family's photovoltaic company, alternating these activities with pursuing my degree.
moreover, in 2013 i founded a brewery company alongside my brother.
since 2016 i have been working at a wind energy service company in the commissioning department. this job has given me the opportunity to travel to different countries and work together with people of various nationalities.
my main objective in studying the master in project management is being able to develop my skills and knowledge in the field to which i would like to dedicate my professional life.
the reason i am pursuing a master's degree in business school is due to a personal recommendation from an ex-student, as well as because the good position of eae, and more recently for the very good telephone interview, where i could know better the methodology used in the master and also, the different departments and activities available in the school.
project management is an area in which i have always been interested, and it is one of the areas that i missed in my degree; therefore, i have a very strong desire to learn in this area, and i will try contribute to the class with the experience i have gained so far.
therefore, i request be accepted to the master's program in project management in the 2018-2019 academic year.
there are many different reasons why you would like to visit that country.
i think that i would like to visit italy if i have the opportunity to visit a foreign country because i would like to watch football and eat the local food.
to begin with, european culture is totally different from culture asian culture..
i'm especially interested in italy.
italy has one of the most famous football leagues in the world.
therefore, i would love to watch a football game in itlay.
i can watch a first class football game in itlay.
as a result, i would like to get a firsthand experience of football.
it is valuable for me to watch football in italy.
second, i would like to try european food, in particular, italian food because i think italian food is the best food in europe.
for instance, when i lived in ireland, i usually ate out at an italian restaurant with my friend.
there were are a lot of italian restaurants despite being in ireland.
also, pizza or pasta are familiar popular foods worldwide.
my 4 year-old son says things like this when he gets in a bad mood:
i joined to eat dinner with my office's workers.
i enjoyed having lunch with my senior and my junior in my office.
at first it tasted good but after i chewed it a few times it started to taste strange.
it was completely different compared to the japanese one.
even so, i ended up eating the whole pack.
i had it until when i got on a train to go back home, but then i i realized that i lost it after i got off the train.
i must have left it on the seat i was sitting on.
how stupid of me.
i also lost my commuter pass because i put it inside the cover of the cell phone.
they told me that they have my cell phone at their station that is one step away from the station which i got off at.
i went to the station to pick it up before i headed for work
i explained the station staff that i was told to come here to pick up my cell phone and showed them my identification card to prove that i'm eligible for getting it back.
however, i noticed that something was missing.
my commuting pass was not with it.
it was supposed to be in the cover, but there was nothing to be found there.
i asked the staff "didyou see my commuting pass?
it was supposed to be inside the pocket of the cover. he said it had nothing in it.
at least, it is good that i got my phone back, but kind of sad that my pass was taken away.
if i ever encounter a similar situation to that which happened to me, i definitely wouldn't take anything away.
i joined a workout class in the morning.
i have a baby on the way, which means my wife is an older mom.
because this is her first-birth, it is well-known that there are high risks of hypertension and diabetes.
last time we had an ultrasound.
even though the fetus is normal, the doctor still asked for the blood test for down syndrome.
tomorrow he is going to take blood.
it is only 10 weeks and we already knew it will be a boy.
what is the term of natural birth?vaginal delivery and cesarean delivery are correct and natural saying?
i google it that says cesarean section.
it is raining hard today.
so my daughter will spend time with my wife until she goes to school.
i'm a member of a fitness club.
i'm also a member of dance studio.
i almost always go to my fitness club during my lunch break.
i either practice dance or capoeira in a vacant studio there.
it's only 30min, but it is important to me.
when work is over, i go to my fitness club again.
i stay in the fitness club lounge, doing data entry work until my dance lesson.
when the time comes, i will go to the dance studio.
one of my regular skype english teachers broke up with her boyfriend about two weeks ago.
since she was very shocked, she had no appetite.
she looked like she was recovering from her shock.
she showed me her waist and said, "i lost my weight about 3kg in one week, and i got a smaller waist.
i make an effort to maintain it."
edward hopper is one of my favourite artists.
he is called "the dreamer without illusion" and "the poet of empty spaces".
hopper created his pictures when, in the world of art, avant-garde styles were very popular but he wasn't influenced by them, therefore critics and viewers considered his works old-fashioned in that period.
in spite of this fact, time has put everyting in its place and now edward hopper is one of the famous artists who is recognisable by his original style.
edward hopper was inspired by new york and also provincial cities.
people in the pictures by edward hopper look like they are deprived of individuality, therefore looking like typical townspeople in a crowd.
my favourite hopper picture is "new york movie".
i'm really impressed by its melancholy atmosphere, colours and lighting.
it had natural aquariums made by mr.
amano at the end of his life, it is now kept up by ada staffs to amuse visitors.
also, you might be healed by seeing skinship of penguins greeting a season of love.also, in the season of love, there is no doubt you will be healed by the physical touch of the penguins.
summarize the information by selecting and reporting on the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.
this line graph shows the amount of foreign tourist visits in five countries for four separate periods of time.
brazil, malasya, and egypt showed the same trend over the same period of time.
malasya and egypt began with around ten millions visitors in 1995 and ended up with approximately twice the amount of arrivals in 2010.
likewise, brazil doubled its amount of international arrivals, beginning with roughly 20 million foreign visitors in 1995 and finishing with close to 50 million visitors in 2010.
even though arrivals in the united states had a steady increase until 2005 it later became more stable and experienced a slight downfall in 2010, so they did not continue leading the group.
brazil, malasya, and egypt showed the same rate of increase during the given period.
even though arrivals in the united states continued to increase up to 2005, afterwards they started declining and by 2010 they share the leadership of the group with france.
we could see so many mini igloos lit up by candles or electric bulbs in the evening.
it was fascinating and i tried to take a picture to remember what we saw, but i couldn't get a good one because it was too dark for my camera.
when we arrived at the hotel, the futons were already prepared.
it was my first time to sleep with my foreign colleagues.
so, i wasn't able to fall asleep early even though i was tired due to the long day.
some people believe that women should be allowed to enter different institutions like the navy, the air force, and the army exactly like men do.
through the course of history women have earned their role and have showed that there was a misconception about them.
the most male chauvinistic of societies thought women were less important than men.
this idea was widespread and the only way for women to dispell this notion was to claim their rights and demonstrate their abilities.
moreover, women should be given the same opportunities in all aspects of life.
however, there is another misconception, that men and women are equal.
it should be clear to us all that we are different. in fact, there are several pieces of scientific evidence supporting the differences between men and women.
men are stronger than women because their skeleton is heavier, it gives them a great inclination for doing harder jobs like those having to do with carrying burdens, for example.
in conclusion, women and men should be treated equally, they should have the same chances in order to demonstrate their ability to perform certain tasks.
in the past male chauvinism prevailed and society thought women were less important than men.
it should be clear to us all that we are different; in fact, there is scientific evidence supporting the differences between men and women.
men are stronger than women because their skeleton is heavier. this makes them more able to do harder jobs like those having to do with carrying burdens, for example.
"why not inquire about the characters of the drama...
however, after two or three weeks, due to some unfortunate circumstances involving a torn book, a broken nose and an angry noble, i had to stop going to school.
after that, the only thing left to do each day was me helping my mother in elina's mansion.
one day, elina had to travel to a far away castle to meet an equally famous noble, well at least from what i had heard.
and as any child's would, my curiosity kicked in and i started checking every corner of the building i was in.
i accidentally ended up in her room and discovered the huge amount of shelves and thousands of books she had.
a blue tome spread open over her bed sheets.
i felt strangely drawn towards it and, as any adventurer, darted towards it to satisfy my curiosity.
i flipped one, then five then ten pages, i was stunned, but then suddenly i heard the doorknob turning and jumping beneath the bed.
then i heard a few light steps, completely different from my mother's heavy ones.
i have the desire to get buff and fit like a man.
i take protein after training as an extra measure to help the process.
according to the packaging of this particular protein, it is recommend that one drinks after morning and before sleep.
but it doesn't seem to make a big difference and my wife often says "you should stop drinking it."
i take a protein after training to help me with the effects.
according the packaging of the protein, it is recommended to drink in the morning and before sleeping.
so, i often drink it.
if i could, i would be more than happy to do it, however i want to make it clear that it is you that i care about the most.
for your virtue and value, and also because i am respectful towards you.
command me and i`ll do everything in my power to serve you as you wish.
i had the impression, forgive my bluntness, that you were trying to get the better of her.
few hours have passed since i met you for the first time.
something new has happened suddenly?
but, countess, if this house is ruined, you and your husband lives won`t benefit from such a catastrophic event!
my lady, have you heard her saying such things?
but, chances are that whomever reported this to you, did it mistakenly or with the hope of getting something in return.
don`t doubt my silence on this.
i act as a psychologist to my friends.
the refrigerator is acting up.
i usually ask my friends from university around my house to see a movie and eat pizza.
his 40 years of work amount to high retirement class.
i have to make sure that my money can attent to today's dinner at this expensive restaurant.
what do these expenses add up to?
don't answer back to me.
when a country goes bankrupt, it appeals to the imf for help.
i am going to ask that girl out to a movie.
i went to the japan chinchilla festival.
the venue was crowded with lecture programs by breeders and doctors, and displays with chinchillas of various hair colors
especially, fashion show at the end was booming.
i woke up this morning with the sound of wind outside.
actually, a weather forecast said that it will get warmer this weekend.
spring will soon be here.
since i hate the cold, i feel happy about that spring comes.
so, i will spend the weekend with my daughter.
recently, she has gotten into playing in the park near my house.
she really likes riding on the swing there.
when she rides it, she never wants to leave there.
i have no idea why it is called so.
since i hate the cold, i feel happy that spring is coming.
so, i will spend a day of the weekend with my daughter.
i'll take her out for a walk.
she really likes swinging on the swing there.
when she is on it it, she never wants to leave.
i woke up this morning to the sound of wind outside.
first, i would like to thank you for your interest in my request and for the suggestions that you are sending to me. i apologize for the delay in replying to you, as i was travelling.
first, i would like to thank you for your interest in my request and for the suggestions that you sent me, and i apologize for the delay in replying to you, because i have been travelling.
i was listening to this band's song and i felt a bit sad because the singer is now dead.
reading the comments i can see that not i am not the only one i felt that feeling about his music.
i have known her since 2003, she was my host family's grandmother when i was in new zealand so i call her granny too.
she has 2 daughters and 1 son, 6 grandchildren and 9 great-grandchildren; everybody loves her a lot.
i didn't grow up with my grandparents so i stay in touch as if she were my real grandmother.
she is a great baker, i had a baking lesson from her 2 years ago, that was an amazing experience.
i expect that she had a tough life, such as war and she lost her husband at an early stage.
the effect of yogurt
one of my friends seems to make yogurt by herself everyday.
yes, i agree with her because fermented foods are good for our health.
i heard we started to eat yogurt after the second world war in japan.
i also heard most japanese people are lactose intolerant.
in my opinion, many students travel their entire class to many places.
on these trips they can learn something new.
personally, i think that the most popular trips are museum and art gallery visits.
on the sightseeing tour students can learn the history of their city or get acquainted with another culture.
these types of trip will broaden the students' horizons.
also, students can spend a weekend camping in the mountains.
this will teach them how to work in a team, improve their dexterity.
these types of trip will help students make changes in their everyday lives.
on these types of trips, students can relax and develop their physical form.
to conclude, i believe that all types of students' trip have a positive impact on them.
they're digging up the ground again, trying to find where you hid the stolen diamond.
i understood that i need more practice in communicating rather than just having my texts corrected.
i'd be happy to receive comments, messages or even just suggestions over skype conversation from native-speaker.
it's funny to read my old posts, because i really don't remember what i wrote.
sometimes i laugh, sometimes i don't understand what i meant.
but in general it's good that i have some posts, cause i don't have any other diary.
there's one more thing i wanted to say.
my little niece has had a temperature for two days.
she was a little nervous so i held her in my arms for a while, and she became quieter and calmer.
i hope that she get better soon so we can play together again.
today i was around her and i noticed that she wasn't as lively as last week.
she was a little bit nervous so i held her in my arms for a while, and she quietened and calmed down.
i hope that she gets well soon so we can play together again.
today i went around her and i noticed that she wasn'ts quite as lively as last week.
i don't like multicoloured clothes.
black is my favourite colour.
i wear black shoes, black socks, black trousers, a black shirt, and a black jacket.
i don't wear a tie or a hat.
bruce lee
i met again with my friend
my friend called me and told me he wanted to cook something at his home.
i arrived at his home and we went to a food shop.
it took two hours, but we made a delicious curry.
i would like to know what is the subject in the first sentence of this song.
the temperature has risen recently, and so it's changing from snow to rain.
the snow has begun to melt more rapidly.
the day continues on while i watch snow falling from the roof.
the movement into spring has begun.
today, i'd like to talk about my experience that i was really impressed by.
i'm going to school in england, and i take a bus to get to school.
it was the first day i took a bus in england.
i didn't know the price of fare and in addition, there were problems that i weren't familiar with, like currency and listening to english.
when i got on the bus, the driver told me the price too quickly for me to catch what he said.
so i asked him to say again and again, consequently, i barely understood how much i should pay.
i got nervous because some passengers were behind me and waiting.
i looked in my wallet.
i understood that it means that i can use credit card!
i thought it would take long time to find the coins out of my wallet and paying by card would be more easier, so i pulled the card out.
but it didn't work, because the reader was only for contactless cards and my credit card didn't have that feature.
i got more and more nervous.
i realized the only way i could pay was by cash.
i looked in my wallet again.
but he refused it because the paper money was so old and it couldn't be used as money anymore.
i was quite upset and pulled out another bill, but it was also the same, too old.
i felt completely lost, and went blank.
the lady helped me without wanting anything in return
how kind they are!she was so kind!
what is the vacation of my dreams?
oh, honestly, this is not an easy question.
i would like to go to different places.
although, wait, i know where i will be going, in february.
of course, i'm speaking about lake baikal.
firstly, why did i begin to think about lake baykal after your question?
it reminded me one of the episodes from a book which you recommended to me.
the hero of that book is a man.
once he had reminisced about a day in his childhood.
and the writer was describing nature with warm sentiments and it was so pathetic that it impressed me.
i'd like to read it in english.
this view is unmatched in beauty, i believe.
and full of wild animals.
for example, the nerpas, who live there.
what a nice picture when they are basking in the warm sun on the rocks protruding above the water.
i would love to see them very much.
also it would be interesting to travel by train around lake baikal.
i heard that the shore of the lake is filled with abandoned tunnels, stone galleries and bridges.
i guess it is a picturesque scenery.
it would be a mistake to miss it.
finally, i want to see the ice on the surface of lake.
i saw a lot of photos of different types of ice, and it would be cool to see it.
that is why i said the trip is in february.
obviously, it is the best time to see the heaps of ice splinters on to the surface.
lake baikal is truly interesting, isn't it?
her job was making music and singing.
but the highly paid women lived in the southern district and middle district.
liu tainiang had no talent. her music wasn't any good, and her songs weren't pleasant to listen to, so there weren't many people who knew her name.
she was just young and a bit more beautiful than average.
there were a lot of people there that day, and liu tainiang was dressed up very beautifully, so someone kept asking where she lived.
liu tainiang was very distressed, as she didn't want to tell anyone she lived in the northern district, so she kept her head down.
later, many people asked and she said that there was a tall tree in front of her home.
some days later, people came looking for the inconspicuous tree.
up till then, no one had cared about the tree.
i want to forget about my bad learning experiences and to learn because i want to.
everyday, i listen to english music on television.
my favorite channel in this case is a hard rock channel. although i try to change the music that i love, i can't do it.
i've listened to this music since i was eleven years old and i love its sound.
i feel passion when i'm listening to the electric guitar and following along with the lyrics of its music.
when i was single, i had a date with an american guy.
he asked me "what are you craving for?"
i understand it now, however, at the time, i didn't understand what he was asking.
when i answered, "you?" i meant, "what are you craving for?"
i should of asked him in a full sentence, but i sometimes use my stupid trick. when i didn't understand something, i asked or repeated the same question and worked out what it as or what did it mean.
however, it was my big mistake.
he asked me "what are you craving for?" i said " you?" can you imagine this situation?
he was like " what!!!???" we went to ice cream shop after that, and i found that his way of using ice cream was not sexy.
melted ice cream dropped into his hand, and he wiped it on the crotch of the jeans constantly.
when i was a single, i had a date with an american guy.
' i understand that now, however i didn't understand what he ask about at that time.
" i should have asked him with a full sentence, but i sometimes use my stupid trick when i don't understand something, i asked or repeat the same question and worked out what the meaning of it was.
he was like " what!!!???" we went to ice cream shop after that and i found his way of eating ice creams was not sexy.
it is how one reacts under difficulties that shows who you really are.
does it need a subject between 'that' and 'shows'?
and it takes some good--it takes a long time to get here from the beach.
this is a practice in chinese-english translation.
fracking, the energy miracle in the us for drilling for shale oil, however it is facing difficulties or even banned at other places across the globe.
a report from the guardian has explained the controversies of fracking.
it is implemented through injecting a great amount of water mixed with a bit of sand and chemical materials into a well at high pressure, to crash rocks and release the gas and oil to the surface of the well.
to see the problem in a larger scale, fracking also influences the climate.
i was impressed by the large format nature photography taken by takashi amano before his death and also by the amazing aquatic plants layout in nature aquariums.
i want to improve my english skills and communicate with foreigners who come to japan in english.
when i tried to unlock the front door, i realized that i did not have a key to my house.
they are both working for local financial institutions and are supposed to retire a couple of years later.
they are very frugal, so i guess they will enjoy their lives while also receiving their pension from the government.
sometimes, they constantly nag at me to get married so that they can see me have grandchildren.
i think i might be in trouble but i am at a good age to have a family in japan.
my parents have hardly been overseas in their lives.
my mother has occasionally visited hawai for her honeymoon.
my parents think that going to a foreign country, especially asia, can be a little dangerous.
for this reason, they were against my decision to work in south east asia a couple of years ago.
they finally began to use mobile phones which made it more convenient.
communication is a little easier than before.
my mother is using her phone very well.
i am going to indonesia tomorrow for 2 weeks.
this my second time going there.
but my first time going there with my 1 and 2 year old.
i hope i come home safely.
conversation with mam over the skype.
"i heard it will be very windy tomorrow."
"yeah, it will blow hard during the morning commute."
conversation with mom over the skype.
conversation with my mother over the skype.
"yeah, it will be really windy during the morning commute."
conversation with mom over skype.
there was warm wind today.
it tasted like a macaron.
i liked it.
what i would do, or would like to do, if i became a fashion designer
well, i'm not a fashion designer yet, but being a fashion designer is my final destination.
i mean, i would have anime characters wear the clothes i design in the anime and sell the same designs as real clothes.
everyone says the fashion industry in japan is decreasing and it's getting harder to sell high-end clothes.
i don't want to design clothes like the kind in the paris collection because that's different from my concept.
personally, i think those kinds of clothes are made by geniuses and are only for certain people.
when it comes to designs, i want to incorporate the kimono style into casual clothes, dresses, and suits.
it was really inspiring for me when i found it.
they have celebrities in america model in their clothes.
actual kimonos are pretty difficult to put on and move around in, but the best quality about them is how comfortable they are.
don't you think kimono designs are very reflective of japanese tradition and beauty?
there are some things i've been thinking about.
i found it really inspiring.
well, i'm not a fashion designer yet, but becoming one is my ultimate goal.
i mean, i would have anime characters wear the clothes i design in the animes, and then i'd sell the same designs in real life.
japanese anime has become internationally popular, so i believe it would make for great advertising.
i want to design clothes that get people who aren't really interested in clothes excited.
when it comes to design, i want to incorporate the kimono style into casual clothes, dress, and suits.
actual kimonos are pretty difficult to put on and move around in, but the nyc company emphasizes how comfortable they are.
don't you think kimono designs reflect japanese tradition and beauty well?
i assume that the origin of tonkatsu is schnitzel.
they could had been introduced to japan many decades ago and then we recreated it in our style.
is three years a short amount of time?
most of their jobs including internships are limited to three years.
it is short but might be a good trial if they aren't sure if they want to live in japan for the rest of their life.
for example, most foreign english teachers in public schools are from the jet program or temp agencies.
it is a short time, but it might act as a good trial.
however, if foreign people want to work longer, what should we provide them with?
local government should hire them directly and offer a stable position and salary so that they can teach students constantly with a long-term strategy.
is three years too short?
i wonder how foreign people working in japan think about being limited to three years.
most of their jobs, including internships, are are restricted to three years.
some foreign people will become homesick, while others will end up disliking japan.
they may only be able to endure three years, or go back to their home countries sooner than that.
however, if foreign people want to work longer, what options should we provide them?
local governments should hire them directly and offer stable posts and salaries so that they can teach students continually with a long-term strategy.
in other words, foreign language teachers should become government employees as well as japanese teachers.
i lost an earring today.
i don't have many pairs of earrings, so i'm very sad.
i lost one of my earrings today.
my brother asked me about my plans for spring break.
i had a pile of work in front of me.
we have two big events coming up.
one is a graduation ceremony and the other is a school commencement ceremony.
these two events are very important.
my brother only wants to do a lot to be devoted to my mom.
of course i do too.
i will have the result, of whether i pass it or not, in about 2 weeks.
i guess it went pretty well, but i am not sure whether i passed it or not.
i do not want to study for the exam for another year.
i had a university entrance exam a few days ago.
i have been studying hard to pass this exam.
i will get my results in about 2 weeks.
i think i did pretty well, but i am not sure whether i passed or not.
i really hope i will get good news!
i do not want to have to continue studying for another year.
review of "la cara oculta"
i'd been waiting for something more or less chilling and thrilling but the first scene i saw was devoted to their daily life.
i mean, the life between two people, who are madly in love with each other.
i thought: "omg, c'mon, this is the first spanish movie i'm watching, where are my expectations that i've been wanting to see?".
but a little later i was absolutely ready to eat my words take my words back!
i mean, you don't understand where the romantic line turns into something really chilling and macabre.
i'd never seen that star-studded cast before but i liked the choice of roles the director had cast different actors in.
nowadays, the film keeps going to be receiving glowing reviews that will make it much more popular.
no other movie is able to show the same thing and the same idea in their chain of events.
i'd been always keen on the american movie industry, but even i couldn't suppose that the spanish could create one of the best atmospheres for detective movies.
although it was cloudy in nagoya, the daytime was warm.
that is because the center of a low pressure area passed through japan today, and warm wet air from pacific ocean blew into the center of it.
the forecast says that it will rain tonight.
red plum blossoms are in full bloom in japan.
some white plum blossoms have started to bloom.
plum trees are thought of as good fortune trees in japan, along with pine trees and bamboos.
the story came to japan from china that they endure a severe winter and they bring us good fortune.
plum trees bring us beautiful pretty blossoms, and their fruits are pickled and made into wine.
plums are very useful to us.
we could offer more tv programs, like fun-filled cartoons, to introduce young people to sciences.
these programs already exist, but most are only available on pay channels and are therefore not available to everyone.
in addition, to make science classes more fun, teachers could organize trips to interactive museums, where they have to actually touch things.
they will discover, in a fun, interactive and educational way exhibitions, workshops, animation, and other experiences.
finally, it's very important to confront students with the reality of the world of work.
they will discover the sciences, not just in a chair listening to their teacher, but by participating in real projects with professionals.
i have hay fever.
on the way to my home i bought eye medicine.
the thunder broke out at 10 p.m. yesterday.
the air is damp.
she has been listening to this song on a loop for a few hours.
according to the weather forecast, a big spring storm has been coming towards my area from the southern part of japan.
at about half past seven, a lady who is a money collector for newspaper subscriptions came to my house.
i felt sorry that she had to work on a stormy night.
good afternoon, teacher.
i'm honoured to be here for this interview.
now allow me to introduce myself.
i graduated from js university last year, and majored in international trade and economics.
i like anything concerning economics. i had hoped that i would be expected to work in this field and achieve something, but when i finished school, i realized that what i had learned was not enough for that
i thought it would be great if i could continue my interest in that, so that was why i chose to further my studies with a master's degree.
considering career prospects, i changed my major, international trade and economics, to finance.
and i'm good at math, which greatly contributed to the study of finance.
but i know my english is not good enough. i will continue studying.
i'm smart and careful.
i'm looking forward to my postgraduate studies and life at hunan university.
i'll prove that your decision of choosing me was wise.
from the middle of january, my husband has been really nice to me.
he took me to akihabara and asked me if i wanted anything.
he took me to the toy floor of a big electricity store.
monster hunter world was going to be released the following day; he wanted it.
according to his explanation, the software is downloadable and he can do it at home, but the physical machine is definitely necessary.
the monster game can be played with just the ps4.
anyway, he got the ps4 and downloaded the game at midnight on the day of release.
because he still does the dishes and laundry before playing and i can have more time doing my hobbies.
this is kind of a happy life, isn't it?
people should be only allowed to laugh when i say so.
music can both improve your mood and depress you.
i wish that i could meet you in my world.
today i went to my knitting class and started knitting a new vest for myself.
since i started the class, knitting a vest is one of my goals.
i am happy that i could obtain it.
i saw a lot of advanced knitting projects which were knitted by my classmates.
they were all so perfect, and i stepped ett up my goal.
i am glad that i can knit with such talented knitters.
they definitely motivate me!
from today i will begin to study english grammar.
however, however, i couldn't practice my grammar skills for communicating because studying english was just for the purpose of an exam.
so this time, i will study grammar to communicate.
we can wear kimonos for various occasions.
a yukata is a kind of kimono that can be worn only on a summer night.
i usually wear one to fireworks festivals.
ise shirine is the most famous and traditional shrine in japan,
i am excited.
this phrase is new for me!
i am seldom late to meet friends, but i am sometimes late to send an e-mail.
english speakers use it as blue collar, white collar and recently pink collar, don't they?
of course, you can use it as shirts.
the pronunciation is like color.
a man driving a car to backwards for 11 000 kms in india
from the pune city of maharashtra state, santosh raje shirke completed his journey of 6000 kms throughout 11 states of india by driving car to backwards.
his next goal to drive for 5000 kms still remains, msn published yesterday.
he started driving car by this way on june 2017 and used the 180-km-road linking two cities pune and raigarh for practice.
when he got better and more confident, he drove the car in reverse using mirrors as a helpful tool.
my friend sent me a birthday present.
it is some pretty flower shaped earrings.
tomorrow is my last day being 28 years old.
it's my birthday the day after tomorrow.
i used to think that becoming this age was too far for me when i was a teenager, but my 20s went by in a flash.
i want to spend my last year of my 20s being happy.
with an overwhelming progress of technology, our life is changing in almost every way, technology makes the whole world become closer to each other than before, and it spreads different cultures across the world. therefore i don't agree with those who say that modern technology is creating single world culture due to different reasons that i will mention in the following essay.
firstly, technology enhances the communication between people in different places by smart phones, computers and the internet.
so, someone from the middle east can communicate with someone in the united states, they can recognize different habits, languages, clothing styles and a lot of other things.
for example, i am friends with a girl from south america who is a very cool girl, and while talking with her, i understood and learned many things that i didn't know before, like her way of wearing sports and official clothes.
in addition to that, i improved my spoken english, because i had been bad before and afraid to practice the language.
also, i learned about new american food and she wanted to try our country's food so, i gave her different jordanian food recipes, and till now, she cooks and eats jordanian food and tell the others to try it because of its delicious taste.
secondly, in airplanes, you can travel to any place you want, discover new cultures and ways of living, you can give and receive in the same time; for example, my sister traveled to the us and studied in one of their universities.
in the same time, she worked as a teaching assistant, also she became a member of islamic center in their state, and she participated in many events specialized for international residents to tell other people about their country's traditions, heritage, the famous places you can visit in it, etc.
so, this is a strong point to ensure that our modern life is a road of a mix of new experiences and variety of cultures all over the world.
to conclude, technology enables anyone to discover many communities and exchange different things like languages, traditions, education and other things that create multiculturalism across the world.
i feel i can do it without hesitation if i clearly understand the reason.
i know before i start something, i should think about it, and i may look stupid.
however, i think that the best shortcut for me is to clarify the purpose when i'm stuck doing something because i can't eagerly do anything without reason.
and i may look stupid.
i feel i can do it without hesitation if i understand clearly the reason.
in recent years,more and more multinational corporations have begun to occupy the chinese market in order to satisfy different market environments. multinational corporations have constantly brought forth new ideas to their investment strategies, they carry out localization tactics on r&amp;d,h&amp;r,and their products with an all-out effort.
the atricle will first introduce basic information of multinational corporations,define localization and necessity as well as well as its three stages.
i'm actually going to go on a trip starting tomorrow.
there is a spring storm approaching now.
this is a common occurrence in japan during this time of year.
the spring storms bring the season of flowers.
i hope that i can find a small spring at my trip's destination.
in some countries, in order to leave, you need to pay the fee of exit of the country.
this rule has applied to iran too.
it's interesting that recently the government of iran approved this cost to become higher for those who leave iran for their second and third times.
it's as if a person who is traveling to other countries has done a big crime, so we need to penalize them!
we are going to retrogress like north korea.
today, i went on a business trip to iwate prefecture to attend a meeting with customers.
we had a good and deep discussion.
josepha invited me to her grandma's place.
this atmosphere was strange: the green around us,and the classical music.
i went to a school with my son to confirm if he passed entrance examination.
my son seemed to be really nervous from yesterday morning.
when we arrived at the school, my son went to the room to see the results.
he had passed the examination.
we were really happy to see the certificate.
i went to a school with my son to confirm the results of my son's entrance exam.
my son seemed to be really nervous since yesterday morning.
haruichiban means the strong wind during spring in japanese.
it announces the beginning of spring.
after we have it, it gets warmer little by little every day.
does any other country have the same strong wind during spring?
it seems that we may have haruichiban the day after tomorrow.
haruichiban means "the first strong wind in spring" in japanese.
after we have it, the weather will get warmer little by little every day.
does any other country have the same sort of wind as this?
when i arrived at my office this morning, i noticed it was not in my pocket.
i thought that i left it at home.
however, after i got home, i searched for it, but i was not able to find it.
i thought that i had forgotten it at home.
when i arrived my office this morning, i noticed that it was not there.
i usually put my pedometer in my pant pocket.
however, after i got home, i searched for it, and i was unable to find it.
they beg for a few coins to buy ice cream and swear at those who refuse to give them any.
sometimes, they spit on cars, insult the residents or make pranks in the motel.
bobby, the janitor, knows very well that scooty and monee are doing a lot of silly things, but he also understands that they are just poor brats, all by themselves most of the time.
he sometimes takes them in his office, but just for a short moment because the two kids are impossible and quickly get on his nerves.
he always ends up throwing them outside when they become too cheeky and impolite.
bobby often argues with halley too, reproaching her for not paying the rent on time, spending all day in front of the tv and smoking grass rather than taking care of her daughter.
monee's best friend is a young boy named scooty, whose mother ashley works in a local pub. scooty's father is also absent.
every day, from the back door of the diner, ashley furtively slips some waffles to the two kids. it is often the only meal they have that day.
as it is summer vacation, the children spend their time watching the many tourists visiting the theme park.
they beg for spare change to buy ice cream and swear at those who refuse to give them money.
sometimes, they spit on cars, insult the residents or play pranks in the motel.
bobby, the janitor, sees scooty and monee getting up to no good. but he also understands that they are just neglected children who are left by by themselves for most of the time.
he sometimes lets them play in his office, but only briefly because the two kids are impossible and quickly get on his nerves.
monee's best friend is a young boy named scooty, who lives in the same motel with his single mother ashley.
ashley works in a local pub, and every day, from the back door of the diner, she furtively slips some waffles to the two kids. this is often the only meal they have each day.
they beg for a few coins to buy ice cream and swear at those who refuse to give them any money.
bobby, the janitor, knows very well that scooty and monee do a lot of naughty things, but he also understands that they are just poor brats, who have to fend for themselves most of the time.
he sometimes takes them into his office, but not for long, because the two kids are impossible and quickly get on his nerves.
bobby often argues with monee's mother, reproaching her for not paying the rent on time, for spending all day in front of the tv and smoking grass rather than taking care of her daughter.
the theatrical ranges from traditional to experimental such as meta-theatre in which the line between a script and an improvisation blurs.
in black comedy terrible and fearful elements are replaced by comical, and in romantic comedy - obvious clever scheming, happy coincidence, wondrous discovery which in the finale lead to the fulfillment of all the desires of the love-struck heroes.
i studied english today
so i said hello
she accepted my greetings.
and then i went back home
i was glad to see my friend after such a long time
we took five hours to drive there with our caravan in tow.
after driving 400 kilometers, guess what happened!
in the meantime, the bursar put at our disposal the furnished apartment reserved for the chief supervisor.
what a nuisance!
however, we had to wait for two weeks, before she complies.
i was told that at the town post office she used to allow herself to pass in front of everyone in the queue to be served first at the counter.
moreover mrs. gorde had caused a scandal at the end of the previous school year.
strangely they had killed a hen, which was supposed to represent the dreadful, nagging woman and had carried out her burial in a corner of the playground.
the said person surprised them, demanded explanations and furiously kicked out twenty students without any formalities, without possibility of appeal.
the headmistress was removed and transferred to another high school, in ussel, a nearby town, without having any say in the matter.
having just arrived, on the orders of the chief education officer, i had to re-enroll the expelled students and receive their parents, in turn, to assure them that no proceedings would be taken against their children.
you can imagine, i had many other cases to settle in my 25 year career!
it would take a long time to tell you all of them at once.
we purchased a white porcelain service tray that we still use.
we bought a blue porcelain hen, too.
when i look at it, old memories keep coming back to me.
people sometimes are self-deprecating out of modesty.
people sometimes do it to make fun of themselves or to be modest.
even if you yourself have said "i am not smart," won't you be hurt if someone else says "you are not smart."?
people sometimes make fun of themselves or are being modest.
even if you have said "i am not smart," wouldn't you be hurt if others say "you are not smart."
to organize means to list all the things i have to do and prioritize them according to my values.
i want to concentrate on specific things rather than trying to do everything i want to do because i believe that i can have more fulfilling days.
its title was essentialism.
i completely agreed with the way of thinking explained in that book.
finally, all i have to do will to choose the best one.
but if there is a measure phrase before the noun,
my broken leg has healed, so i can play football again.
egg white can help keep you beautiful.
my favourite youtuber visited the tower of london
she lives in london, and introduces not only her unique life but also talkative londoners.
today she uploaded a new video describing her funny visit to tower of london.
in the last scene, a uniformed officer suddenly talked to kanon in japanese.
she said she worked in japan as an assistant english teacher for two years.
at first i thought she was british, but actually she comes from america.
i never imagined such a place where an american guide explains the history of britain's bloody prison in fluent japanese to visitors!
kanon is a very sociable girl.she doesn't hesitate to greet unknown people no matter where she goes.
that's probably why she has a good command of english.
i just finished work.
they were all small things things, so i should forget about it.
they were all small things, i should just forget about it.
but i hope i'll be on the ball tomorrow.
they were all small things, i should forget about it.
my daughter ordered it for me three months ago.
it is a book entitled 'the whisky'.
i was very happy about it.
andy, you know i lived in budapest when it happend.
the bankrobber had this habit: before he robbed bank he drank a glass of whisky.
i would like very much to watch it.
i recommend this book and movie to you.
i wanted to eat tempura and udon today so i'm happy!
it's as if we were a celestial object which spins and interacts with the piece."
however, we have not been to north europe yet, so i am looking for places to go.
please let me know any tourist sites and places that you recommend!
the land development company explored ways of resolving various issues regarding the construction.
after the rain the air is clean and free of pollution and because of that the feeling when you breathe is amazing.
besides this is the perfect time to go for a hike because all the countryside is wet and so beautiful and this is one thing that makes me feel at peace, and the environment smells better including the flowers and the trees.
i hope it will rain for the next few days because it can allow us to enjoy the spring months even more.
after some rain the air is clean and free of pollution so that every breath makes you feel amazing.
besides, going for a hike at this moment is beautiful because all the countryside is wet, which makes me feel peaceful, and the environment, the flowers and the trees smell better.
i hope it will be raining the next few days, because it can allow us to enjoy the spring months.
today was the last day to be open.
it's sad to lose a place with good memories.
the weather forecast said there will be terrible weather tomorrow.
i really hope that when i'll go out my house, the rain and wind will have stopped...
i tried to search for connected trip by bus or by train.
i tried to search for the train and bus schedules so i can transfer easily.
i tried to search for connected trip by bus and train.
i tried to find the train and bus schedules so i can transfer easily.
i have studied english for fourteen years, but i still can't use it.
just that moment, a foreigner tried to have a conversation with me but i felt ashamed because i couldn't speak fluently, i could only say just a few uncertain words.
what's more, i spent half an hour writing this short entry.
this morning i soaked in a hot spring in a mountain village far away from the bustle of the city.
i was exhausted.
while soaking in the hot spring, i was able to break free from all the mundane things in my daily life.
this morning i soaked in mountain village hot spring situated far away from the bustle of the city.
the walking dead season 8
the last half of season 8 of the walking dead begins soon.
i think that coming up with the production of a zombie drama as a television series is as cool and deceptively easy as columbus's egg.
the protagonists could endlessly travel around the north america, continuously changing members, recruiting new ones to replace lost ones.
they add other continents like south america, africa, eurasia, if they want.
they could continue this series even until season 100, if they felt like it.
however, with glen gone and now even carl gone, this series has been recently losing its appeal.
i understand that even an important, attractive protagonist might die and like in reality.
i'm not sure i'm going to subscribe to a paid television channel this time to watch it.
i think that coming up with a production of a zombie drama as a television series is cool and deceptively easy as columbus's egg.
the protagonists can endlessly travel around north america, continuously changing members recruiting new ones to replace lost ones.
they have other continents like south america, africa, eurasia to add, if they want.
i understand that even an important, attractive protagonist might die like in reality.
i'm not sure whether i'm going to subscribe the channel this show airs on this time or not.
have you ever read work by fujiko f.
i like his work.
if you have ever read only "doraemon", you will probably be surprised at the difference in style between "doraemon" and "sf short stories"
hello, i am japanese.
i'm 21 year's old.
but, i don't use it the way i want to.
soon, i have to do job hunting.
but before that, i want to get fluent in english.
i am not sure about how many corrections i will receive but, maybe i will just put my thoughts of the day here and make it my little diary.
the new subway station was promised to be built in 5 years and we both doubted if we would see it in time lol.
my friend agreed and said if it was in chinathe bridge scheme would pass "unanimously" and be done in 5 months.
then i thought of the definition on the first page of our constitution - a people's democratic dictatorship.
yes i even looked up this specific term in the dictionary.
well i am not a fan of political sciences or a modern cynic or anything like that.
if we couldn't rely on the constitution anymore, what else would be reliable?
she can't read french subtitles
films intended for minorities
i try to translate marina's video subtitled in russia into english to train my language skills.
they argue that taking unilateral actions to build the republic of catalonia would severely affect the catalan political prisoners, who could suffer retaliations in the form of torture, punishments, and longer prison sentences.
today i was told by someone that my written english was poor.
okay, i got the message.
marked here.
i am preparing for the star festival.
yesterday, i attended a monthly report meeting for our division at one of our factories in okayama prefecture.
i got some good ideas for creating new products and technologies.
i pushed the thought to the back of my mind, however, and ran my finger over the damaged ski one more time.
afterwards, i stepped back out into the car park, letting the latch fall shut behind me.
by now, i would have been disconcerted if the statue had moved.
could you call back next week?
the work plan analyzes the economic situations of all developed and developing countries in the world, which means it focuses on all of the potential markets around the world, including india, russia, and vietnam.
especially, using the advantage of being in the central part of asia, it successfully appeals to non-western markets.
for instance, it collaborates with the online platforms of leading international media companies like cnn.
as a result, among asian and pacific countries, hong kong ranked second place in 2014 by having invited around 28 million visitors that year.
the second largest number of visitors are from america, which demonstrates how successfully hong kong is appealing to the western market compared to other asian countries.
when i can get a good job.
i am engineer and i develop a product.
it' goes well when someone take clear leadership.
but in almost all case our boss is the leader but boss doesn't take the leader.
so in many cases it doesn't go well.
in my opinion, leadership just needs communication.
i am engineer and i am developing a product.
it's goes well when someone takes clear leadership.
but in almost all cases, our boss is the leader, but he doesn't take up actual leadership.
in my opinion, leadership just needs good communication.
i went to an internet cafe after not going for a while.
but they should know how dangerous it is.
i have reasons to support my conclusion.
because you use it so often and don't have a information literacy.
in addition, the most important thing is to make teenagers learn how to control the service and why the service is dangerous instead of avoiding the service.
based on the reasons, i believe that teenagers shouldn't avoid using social networking service.
spring
i like spring when the breath of life comes into my nose, i know that it's here!
i like spring as it represents everything in the world when it begins to wake up.
i like spring. when i can smell the earth coming to life, i know that spring is here!
i like spring. it represents rebirth.
i like spring, when the breath of living come into my nose, i know that is it!
i like spring, because it represents everything in the world beginning to wake up.
i hope you all welcome and enjoy it too.
i like spring. it represents everything in the world beginning to wake up. -- or -- i like spring. it means that everything in the world is beginning to wake up.
i hope you guys can greet and enjoy it.
nowadays education is very important for our lives.
some people claim that getting education abroad is good, while others argue that education in their own country is better.
to start, many students will get some experience.
moreover, student will learn about a new culture and find new friends.
they believe that getting education abroad is so stressful for students.
every time they have problems, they have to solve those problems by themselves.
to summarize, taking into consideration different opinions on this issue, i believe that education abroad could help students to become more confident and independent.
trip to london
it was a saturday so a lot of people were there.
there were so many stores and food stalls on the street and they seemed interesting, but it was raining so we left immediately.
there were a lot of vintage clothing stores and restaurants so i really liked it.
we bought some clothes at a store called rokit and we totally fell in love with this store.
i wish this store was in my country.
it was difficult to understand the whole story but it was incredible.
after the play was over, we met him in the lobby.
i was so excited my hands and legs were shaking.
this was the best moment of the trip.
recently, i have been eager to transfer from my job.
so i had a job interview last week in english..
it was the worst interview i've ever had. it was terrible! i
my only source of pride is that i'm always healthy.
i've never been to the hospital.
however, i have gotten colds and fevers before.
i started feeling chilly around the time when his cold recovered.
and then, eventually, i couldn't get up because of my fever.
we had to close the restaurant again this past monday.
i have been sleeping for almost the whole week except when working because i still had a slight fever.
i've gotten a little better because my body temperature has gone down, although i'm still coughing.
the only thing that i can boast of, is that i'm always healthy.
however, i've gotten cold with fever in the end.
my restaurant had to close again on this monday.
i have been sleeping for almost a week except working because i still had a slight fever.
nothing is more precious than a healthy life.
te deadline is coming up.
i need to stay up all night to complete the proposal.
the band came out of the indie scene and debuted in the major music scene.
the band came out of the indie scene and signed up with a major record label.
he looks like a boy who boasts to his mom that he got all a's in class.
alternate: the band came out of the indie scene and made their major music scene debut.
possible: i watched a clip on youtube.
he looks like a boy who boasts to his mom that he got straight a's.
the job was to collect data and information from the local government, non-profit organizations, and hospitals to assist women and children who have experienced sexual assault to access financial compensation from the government and offenders.
the job was to collect data and information from the local government, non-profit organizations, and hospitals to assist women and children who have experienced sexual assault and help provide them financial compensation from the government and offenders.
i made a plan for a one day trip.
when i explain the plan, should i put "will" before the verb everytime?
and i want to use spoken language instead of written language as much as i can so that it's easier to understand.
thank you for participating on the one day trip around sakaiminato.
we will leave matsue station at 9:30 and visit our first destination, the mizuki shigeru road.
you can find very unique souvenirs focused on japaneses ghosts there.
we will leave shigeru mizuki road at 11 am and go to sakaiminato port, the largest landing port for crab in japan.
after visiting the sakaiminato fish market, we will enjoy a fresh seafood lunch at a restaurant.
after one hour for lunch, we will leave the restaurant at 1 pm and visit yushien garden at daikonjima island.
at the garden, you can enjoy japanese sightseeing gardens, beautiful peonys, and the korean ginseng museum.
please enjoy sightseeing and walking freely for one hour and twenty minutes.
i hope you enjoy today's tour.
i enjoyed making it so much.
combed its fur, caught lice for it
brought it when picking fruits, digging for roots, and fighting with other baboons
only when baby baboon's body was so rotten
the big baboon was ready to leave it behind
but the big baboon still needs to live
today it is cloudy.
in the morning, there was a little rain when i went to work.
this weather is very pleasant.
i went out to walk during my lunch break.
she also is planning to change to her job.
i talked with her about some of my plans.
i am stubborn, but i also have a soft heart.
i easily get affected by others.
and sometimes i didn't want to treat others badly.
i need to be more strict with myself, and also with others.
my customer gave me 100% of the money, instead of 30%.
in the streets.
"restaurants often change in this lot."
"they do."
"just the other week, a ramen restaurant closed down."
"then, another ramen restaurant just opened up now."
"in this lot, restaurants often change."
"they sure do."
"then, another ramen restaurant just opened up."
one of intriguing things i found in pusan is that most of the travelers are japanese.
to be more specific, korean tend to wear standard clothes which every person think it suitable and only make a disparity in a small difference.
i tried to have a conversation with them, but they are barely able to speak in english or korean.
if i live in pusan, i would learn japanese.
one of the intriguing things i found in pusan, is that most of the travelers are japanese.
to be more specific, koreans tend to wear standard clothes which every person finds appropriate and tend not to stand out from a crowd.
whereas, japanese are more noticeable.
i tried to have a conversation with them, but they could barely speak english or korean.
it has been long time since i write!
it has been long time since i write here
he said he went to study in new zealand when he was fourteen.
i thought if you go to a foreign country and have spoken that language since you were fourteen, you should have become semi-native in that language.
his english was fluent, but i was surprised that there were a lot of grammar mistakes in his sentences, and his pronunciation was very taiwanese-like.
i thought if you went to a foreign country and spoke that language since you were fourteen, you would be a near-native speaker of that language.
i figured if you went to a foreign country and spoke that language since you were fourteen, you should have been semi-native to that language.
learning basic economics in high schools
it is a good idea for high school students to learn basic economics in school.
one of the great advantages of taking a class in basic economics is that one can learn to think logically.
economics is the most instructive subject for learning how to interpret facts appropriately, how to think logically, how to analyze issues accurately, and how to express one's opinions persuasively.
it is a fictional story about a successful factory manager who manages his factory, using some notions of economics.
at the earliest stage, he struggled to manage his factory, and he suffered from poor sales.
he accidentally met a professor who specialized in economics, and the professor pointed out the manager's failure on his way of thinking about management.
the manager was surprised at the professor's accurate analysis and asked him to teach him how to improve.
this book is very instructive for me when i am facing some difficulties.
leaning basic economics in high schools
he accidentally met a professor who specialized in economics, and the professor pointed out accurately the manager's failure in his way of thinking about management.
this book is very useful for me when i am facing some difficulties and problems.
learning basic economics in high school
it is a good idea for high school students to learn some basic concepts of economics..
one of the great advantages of taking a class in basic economics is that it teaches one to think logically.
the study of economics teaches one how to understand facts appropriately, think logically, analyze issues precisely, and express one's opinions persuasively.
for example, when i was a high school student, economics was optional in japan, but i took a class in it and often read books about economics.
it is a fictional story about a successful factory manager who uses some notions of economics.
in the early stages, he struggled to manage his factory, and suffered from poor sales.
then he met an economics professor who pointed out his management errors.
the manager was surprised by the professor's accurate analysis and asked him to teach him how to be a better manager.
the professor gave the manager all kinds of useful advice on factory management.
this book is very useful for me when i am facing problems.
when i encounter a problem, such as a career decision, a relationship problem, or a demanding office task, it is useful for me to recall the lessons from the book, and it helps me think logically and solve those problems easily.
it is a good idea for high school students to learn some basic economics concepts in their classes.
economics is one of the most instructive subject to learn how to understand facts appropriately, how to think logically, how to analyze issues precisely, and how to express one's opinions persuasively.
one of my favorite books is "the goal", written by eliyahu m. goldratt.
it is a fiction book, about a successful factory manager who manages his factory, using some notions of economics.
in the beginning, he struggles to handle his factory, and he suffered from poor sales performance.
one day, he accidentally meets a professor who specializes in economics, and the professor accurately points out the errors of the manager's way of thinking about management.
the manager was surprised at the professor's accurate analysis and asked him to teach him how to improve his management style.
when i encounter problems that need to be resolved, such as decisions regarding my career, relationships with other people, and many demanding tasks in my office, it is useful for me to recall the lessons from the book, and it helps me think logically and solve those problems easily.
i passed one subject.
i failed two other subjects.
one subject score was 2 points below the passing grade and the other was 5 points below.
how long has it been since you visited your grandparents?
with reference to the subject, i seek your permission for a week of leave.
i am going to attend a meditation course that happens this month every year.
about falling asleep
i fell asleep before i knew it yesterday so i couldn't do any other tasks during the day except for work.
i end up falling asleep about twice a week after i come back home from work because i'm tired from working..
i don't know how to stop falling asleep.
i post something in english nearly every day in order to be exposed to english and making good use of some apps such as twitter.
additionally, non native english people from other countries correct my posts too.
english taught at school is one thing, and spoken is quite different.
this means there are commonly used words in other countries.
their corrections become confusing for me sometimes...
i believe it's very important to consider how they write in their native languages and not to changing the meaning..
all we have to do on the apps for helping the others with our native languages is to correct the sentences without changing what they are trying to say.
english spoken by natives sounds cool actually, and i longed for it!
thank you for your kind help!
i've been thinking about going on a trip during my spring vacation lately.
i wanted to go somewhere with my friends, but we weren't able to coordinate our schedules.
so it will be a solo trip.
i want to try to sell some of my handmade accessories in a market while travelling.
let me know if there is a market i can ask for permission to use in your town.
finally, i saw some plums.
this year's plums are slow to start blooming.
japanese plum blossoms have begun to bloom.
he is immersed in the blue water, up to his chest.
on his face are tiny black eyes and two teeth sticking out from his big mouth that e make him look very lovely.
there are green trees growing around him that bend so softly.
in the right corner, there are also the words "sweet time" in green.
the notebook is divided into 3 parts, with a colored paper ending each part.
i tend to use it for my english studies.
i bought a cat tower for them recently.
he always occupies the best spot at which to sleepso mamiko finds another place. i felt sad to her.
this is the reason i bought the cat tower.
i expect that she prefers the tower and would sleep at the top rounded bowl.
how to make original tea
natural grass flavoured tea is made by adjusting the combination and our company includes the original process of growing the tea in clusters of high quality using also the veitch's bamboo.
this tea can be drunk by both children and the elderly.
some people choose to have plastic surgeries to make themselves look younger, but i think it's kind of risky and costly.
even if they had the surgeries, the effect of it wouldn't last long since we are aging at every single moment, and they have to do it constantly, which costs a lot.
besides, there is no denying that they might accelerate their aging once they stop having the surgeries.
a hinamatsuri festival is held on march 3 in japan.
we display japanese figures in kimono clothes on the table in our home, and hope our daughters to keep healthy and lively.
why do we call it hinamatsuri?
ohinasama figures wear japanese traditional clothes and hava some kind of accessories such as japanese swords, bows, and instrumentals.
march 3rd is a hinamatsuri festival in japan.
we display japanese figures in kimono clothes on the table in our home, and hope that our daughters strive to be healthy and lively.
these figures are stocked in a box for almost 10 months, then they are placed outside for about only 2 months at the hinamatsuri festival.
ohinasama figures wear japanese traditional clothes and have some kind of accessories such as japanese swords, bows and instrumentals.
the number of figures and the size of the table vary in each family.
bill of the young slave? in the 21st century?
the bill obliged the students of a community colleges to work without a salary.
up to now, there was no problem, but the issue emerged when the owner of the factory was not obligated to pay a salary to the students.
a course of study in a community college lasts three years, but the bill suggested that students must only complete almost 300 hours of work, without a salary.
obviously, a lot of people, many students among them, protested against the bill.
a newspaper on it's its cover page called i the bill a: "bill of the young slave."
but the response of the congresswoman was worse, she  said that the cover page was like a "terrorist" attack. she had to apologize for that commentary.
days later, the congresswoman removed her bill from the legislature. she just told the press that now the project must be debated with other organizations of students and in our society.
in our country we have two institutions where the students can study for professional careers., the first onee is the "universities", and the other is the "institutes."
but i have read that those "institutes" in america are called "community college"
in an "institute" the students can study technical jobs like design, tourism guider, and mechanic among others.
when a consultant asks me to color-print something on high grade paper, i have to go up 5 floors and set up the printer there. i then have to call another assistant to press print on the pc and pick up the print offs.
there is not much pollen flying in this neighbourhood.
but my nose has been tickling recently.
if so, why don't you say "dog robots" instead of "robot dog"?
i went out for dinner with my friend.
first, we went to a gyoza restaurant, but there was a line, so we went to another restaurant and ate chicken.
we enjoyed dinner, and then we went to karaoke.
even though we had a good time, we have a hangover today.
when i played final fantasy x years ago with a english dub, the conversation between two protagonists piqued my interest.
down the ages, the japanese have been shunning direct emotional expressions.
therefore, japanese couples, married or unmarried, wouldn't say to each other "i love you" even nowadays.
in ancient literature, the writers expressed the idea of love by using implicit alternatives like "the moon tonight is beautiful, isn't it?" as in the present-day video games like the english-dubbed final fantasy x.
i am afraid that my reply may be rude and too simple.
we really appreciate you inviting us to author a chapter of the manual.
please see the attached files.
i went to london at the beginning of the month.
i incredibly enjoyed this trip and so beginning with this post i will write reports of my trip!
my high school friend and i met at an airport and took an aeroplane from korean air.
one and a half hourslater, we arrived at incheon airport in korea.
and then we took another aeroplane and landed at heathrow airport.
the man was surprised at the voice and moved to another place and made a different hole and put the fishing line into the hole.
so the man moved to another place and made a hole and put the fishing line into the hole.
i am the manager of this skating rink."
so the man moved to another place and made another hole, and then he put the fishing line into the hole again.
so the man moved to another place, made another hole, and put his fishing line into that hole.
i think it is important to reflect about one's tasks.
regularly, tasks have some content.
sometimes, some contents are not useful for the task.
we have to delete useless contents.
so, we sometimes should reflect to check the tasks.
i just heard this.
did you know about that?
also, there's a lot of japanese cedar pollen in the air today.
i was working from home yesterday, so i had no commute and it was nice.
but, i start commuting to the office from today, and i'm fed up with it.
and, there's japanese cedar pollen in the air today.
today has been rough.
i believe that some of the long time users think so.
it has been three months since i came to sydney.
one of my friends is from australia told me that i should be drinking.
i think he should have said that i should drink.
what's the difference between "should drink" and "should be drinking."
i don't understand grammar, but he is a native speaker, so i guess he is right.
does anyone see my keys?, or
has anyone seen my keys?
i am getting really confused with that.
yesterday was the last day of the chinese new year, and today is the first day when most of the people in china go back to work.
i am experiencing emotional ups and downs at the moment because i need to talk to a senior manager in my company about my resignation.
talking to a boss about resignation is similar as breaking up with a boyfriend or girlfriend: it requires courage and determination.
i need to go to work and quit my current job tomorrow.
i am experiencing emotional ups and down at the moment because i need to talk to a senior manager in my company about my resignation.
i am worried about you and you need to work hard to make money."
it means that i am able to generate enough cash flow to pay my daily expense and have some savings to deal with small problems.
feelings about computers
i used to dislike computers when i was a child because it seemed to me that computers wasted a lot of adults' time.
i disliked seeing how parents spent a lot of time in front of the computer in our apartment.
however, now i've grown up, i'm using them a lot.
in more precise terms, i rely on them.
i study on lang-8 and cousera and enjoy american tv on netflix, so i cannot think of life without computers.
why do they always hide what they feel?
do they fear someone's reaction?
nothing more, just thoughts intertwined into fancy knots that prevent them from acting directly.
the problem is hidden too deep inside and it takes some efforts to pull it out.
we keep finding indirect reasons, but what is hidden in the very heart of the trouble - that's what we're are yet to find out.
today was the day my husband had a job interview
i am having butterflies in my tummy as i know he did he best today.
he told me that it went well, so we ended our day having a piece of cake from the convenient store to celebrate.
sweets taste so good especially when we have it after having some kind of tension.
it comforts us a lot.
it is getting late, good night.
i had butterflies in my tummy because i knew he tried his best today.
he told me that it went well, so we ended our day having a piece of cake from the convenience store to celebrate all his efforts.
the sweets tasted so good especially when we have it after having some kind of tense situation.
it eased us a lot.
it is getting late at night, good night.
we went to a city to look for a new apartment.
i thought the people really were better-dressed and the shops nicer.
i told a staff member of the real-estate company about my impression.
he replied, "yes, that's true.
it's really different from c city." c city is right next to a city.
even though i had said that, his reply surprised me a little.
i often go to c city, nice place!
there are some somewhat suspicious-looking people depending on the area, but i like a bit of chaos.
we went to city-a to look for a new apartment.
city-a is known as a posh area.
i told my impression to a staff member in a real estate company.
it's really different from city-c." city-c is just next to city-a.
there's are a little suspicious-looking people but it depends on the area. however, i like a bit of chaos.
we went to the city to look for a new apartment.
it's known as posh area.
i really thought the people were well-dressed and that there were nicer shops.
i talked about my impressions with a staff member of the real estate company.
it's really different from the other nearby city, even though it's right next-door."
after having said that, his reply was a little surprising:
i often go to that city-- good place!
some areas might have some shady people, but i like a bit of chaos.
i thought the people there were really well-dressed and the shops really nice.
yes, maybe not safer
the city is known as posh area.
i really thought there were well-dressed people and nice shops there.
i shared my impression to a staff member at a real estate company.
although i said that, his reply surprised me.
i often go to c city, it is a good place!
there sometimes suspicious-looking people in certain areas, but i like a bit of chaos.
i replied to her that i'd never heard of it.
i didn't meet him recently.
i haven't seen him lately.
i haven't studied english lately.
i thought that she might have misunderstood what she had read, but i realized that if i used "recently" in the sentence with the past tense, it would sound strange.
"i didn't meet him yesterday" is, of course, fine because it includes a clear time "yesterday."
why does "i didn't meet him recently" sound strange to me?
yamada recently.
some people say that a zoo is useless.
to begin with, there are a lot of zoos in the world.
a zoo is a place where people take care of many animals.
with the change of natural surroundings, a lot of many animals have become extinct these days.
zoos have played an important role to protect animals.
we need to protect precious animals or endangered species at a zoo.
secondly, a zoo is a place where scientists can search a wide range of habit about animal and species.
studying animals and species help discover a lot of knowledge or useful information about the environment.
we must live in harmony with animals together.
there are many reasons why zoos have no useful purpose.
some people tell say that zoos are useless.
however, in my opinion, i disagree with this because we need to protect animals and study their habitat.
the begin with, there are a lot of zoos around the world.
a zoo is a place that takes care of many animals.
with the change of their natural surrounding, a lot of animals are becoming extinct these days.
zoos play an important role in protecting animals.
for example, even though there are various types of precious animals in japan, some have became extinct because of the social problems such as deforestation.
also, some people have killed some animals in order to make money.
we need to protect precious animals and endangered species at zoos.
secondly, a zoo is a place where scientists can research the habits from a wide range of species.
studying different species we can discover a lot of useful information about the environment.
in conclusion, i strongly believe that zoos have a useful purpose.
however,
we didn't even pick our religion, culture, and tradition.
some people are ready to die for beliefs which someone else decided for them, for a country and a people they certainly didn't choose.
you exist as a body and under a name you haven't chosen.
being forced your entire life to live under unbearable circumstances is miserable.
one's journey must start by looking for an answer to this question: who i am?
the effectively appeal of japan
it's out of fashion and brings about low productivity.
now i am going to the hospital to hear about the results of a medical test that was done two weeks ago.
but i think i have an allergy.
a "long" normally necessitates correcting.
this is the problem when several countries share the same language. there are always some differences, even minor ones like this.
for example, a quebecer wouldn't correct you in the same way as a french person would.
i cheat a lot when i write.
i have to, otherwise it would look like real gibberish!
so i'm sure you are going to like the culture and nature of san'in region.
because there are many people on this tour, please keep the meeting time.
please tell me if there is anything to correct.
welcome to the san-in region.
so i'm sure you are going to like the culture and nature of the san'in region.
i have some requests so that everyone can enjoy today's tour.
since there are many people on this tour, please stick to the meeting time.
every organization has problems and potential.
every challenge has something we lose and something we receive in it.
which do you focus on?
the choice is yours.
at the same time, it also makes you choose your own future as well.
however, most doctors have good salary salaries, but for dentists this factor is better.
especially because dentists don't need to study for as many years as other specialists, like neurologists, cardiologists, orthopedic specialists, etc.
this fact gives a big opportunity to dentists to make more money from their field.
the maps provide a breakdown of the improvement a city underwent from 1700 to the present.
however, nowadays there are some contemporary infrastructures, a supermarket, traffic lights and a car park, as well.
as for the streets, they are now all two-lane, with the exception of steggle road, where steggle farm was located, which is three-lane.
at the intersection of high street and st peter's lane, there is now a roundabout, and along these two streets, more new shops and dwellings have been built.
the mall is located on a side of st peter's lane facing several hotels.
on the other hand, seventeenth-century farms have been demolished to make room for a car park, new houses and to pave the aforementioned steggle road.
moreover, the stables, for example, have been substituted with modern flats, and the field has disappeared.
my life in the uk: do you have puddings after meals?
one thing i have started to do since i moved to the uk is eating pudding after meals.
i always want something sweet after meals.
if i don't have it i won't feel like i have finished my meal completely.
i still agree with them and i'd like to take up my family custom however in the uk, everyone seems like enjoy having a pudding after a meal.
it's a layer of sponge cake with custard,fruit, and jelly, topped with whipped cream.
if i don't have it, i won't feel as if i finished my meal completely.
you might meet the kind owner and friendly dogs and be surrounded by fluffy animals.
the anger of my wife lasted for two days.
she got angry because i failed to tell her the correct time i would arrive at home the day before yesterday.
yesterday was an extra holiday for me, so i did some housekeeping.
i cleaned our house and prepared dinner for her.
i was waiting for her e-mail, and she told me she would arrive at midnight.
i replied ok, and started some chores, but it was a lie.
she wrote that e-mail on the bus and came home early.
through these actions, she wanted to show me what i had done to her yesterday.
i'm wearing thick socks for protection against the coldness of winter.
i can feel that the warmth is quite different from what you get when wearing thin socks.
there is a saying in japan that warmth starts at our feet.
there is a saying in japan that says warmth comes from our feet.
one of the deaths of the battle was the last visigoth king, rodrigo.
the muslims took twenty years to conquer all of the visigoth kingdom.
they continued advancing to the south east of what is now known as france to conquer the frankish kingdom.
the frankish king, to avoid the muslim threat, ordered carlos martel, his mayor of the palace, to attack them.
he found the muslim army close pottiers and attacked them.
they defeated the army of the last visigoth king in the battle of guadalete and started the conquest of the visigoth kingdom.
not very useful and totally impractical things like geometry and math, but also interesting subjects like philosophy and chemistry.
i tried to help them get good marks, and even made the effort to lend them my favorite books, but they would still pick fights with me...
they should be grateful i often just ignored their provocations.
option a: my english listening skills are still poor.option b: i still have problems understanding spoken english.
option a: how do you improve your foreign language conversation skills?option b: how do you enhance your foreign language listening and speaking skills?
how can i become fluent in english in three months?
how do you practice conversation for foreign langage?
i am still not very good at listening or speaking.
hi, i've written an essay. if you have some free time, please read it.
an endless bad dream.
recently, i read a book named dagon.
i remembered a novel when i was reading this, mujina.
it was written by koizumi yakumo.
i'll talk about mujina from now on.
he didn't see her face because she was hiding it.
however, when was able to see her face,
he quickly ran away because she did not have a face.
he managed to find another person, but his face looked like an egg too.
then, the lights turned off.
next, i want to talk about dagon's end.
he went to the highest hill there.
there was a big and deep hole.
he searched it and found an ancient stone monument.
it was drawn a man that was half human and half fish.there was a drawing of a man that was half human and half fish.
in addition, the biggest fish man was as big as a whale.
he imagined what this could mean.
then, in front of him, appeared the fish man that was drawn on the monument.
he ran away.
because there was a full moon, he was able to see the monster.
i think they have the same two points.
for one, reality was changing over fiction.
in mujina, at first the woman spoke to the man normally, hiding her face. but then, she revealed her face.
next, in dagon, the man looked at the monument before the monster appeared.
in these stories, daily life was changing over unusual things.
next, these stories didn't have a clear end.
we couldn't know what happened to the main characters.
it seems to be an endless bad dream.
we need to think of what happened at the end.
can you explain the difference to me, please?
when must i use the first and when must i use the second?
i'm pretty much* interested in the cultural differences between in japan and in america.
the one thing i can say clearly is that most japanese people in japan are happy that non-japanese people wear kimonos.
all this week the weather will be cold, but next week it will be warmer.
the weather will be cold all this week, but next week will be warmer.
throughout the week the weather will be cold, but next week will be warmer.
we will see together the reasons for this decline.
indeed, several reasons explain this lack of interest in the sciences.
first of all, scientific studies are very hard and selective, which can strongly discourage students.
one wonders if this is not related to the disappearance of mathematics in our daily lives.
today, we all have a calculator or a mobile phone capable of calculating on our behalf.
finally, it can be assumed that wages should not be commensurate with the effort provided during studies or work, or that it is low relative to the cost of studies.
to conclude, we can deduce that to encourage young people to take an interest in science, it is necessary to improve wages, and convey a positive image of stem subjects with more attractive teaching including for example, workshops or internships with professionals.
it has been getting warmer these days.
the long winter will be over and spring will soon be here.
i have a lot i want to do when spring comes.
i have a driver's license but don't have my own motorcycle.
i had one when i was living in osaka, which is one of the biggest cities in japan, but i got rid of it because keeping it cost quite a bit every month.
i want to have my motorcycle again now, since maintenance costs no longer apply because i live in my own suburban house that has some parking space.
also, the roads are large and not crowded here.
i'm sure now is the best time to buy a new one.
in advance, i am planning to go touring on a rental motorcycle with my friends.
so, i decided to go with my friends this time.
i want to go touring in the united states someday.
i went to the grand canyon several years ago.
it would definitely feel great if i could drive my motorcycle there.
one of the lawyers left the law firm where she worked at, because there was a disagreement over its policy among them.
however, she didn't take my advice, because she had a unrequited love for him.
i asked her what her complaint was, and she told me that he didn't give her a raise, nor a full-time job.
i changed my job three months ago although i have 7 years experience from a career before.
it's a huge challenge for me.
everything is new and strange, it's a new field with new people.
but, i have to do my best since i have two kids and wife who are see me as a strong man.
i changed my job three months ago although i have 7 years experience from my previous career.
sometimes, i regret it.
i've never been there so i don't know the habits and history.
i would like to visit countries in that part of europe, and i'd like to do so with some natives so they could tell me a lot of stories about their countries and bring me to visit places out of tourist tours.
today i had to go to a supplier to solve a problem.
since many lorries came form eastern europe, i imagined little towns in the middle of nothing, snow, ice and cold.
i've never been there, so i don't know anything of their habits and history.
i would like to visit countries in that part of europe, and i'd like to do it with some natives so that they could tell me a lot of particular stories about their countries and bring me to visit places off the beaten track.
when will you be able to hand it over to the new company?
i tried to describe my hometown, osaka.
the sentences below are written as spoken language.
my hometown is osaka, the second largest city in japan next to tokyo.
it is located in the western part of japan, called the kansai region.
it is well known around the world, especially in east and southeast asian countries, for its amazing variety of food and unique culture such as manzai, a kind of entertainment talk show.
the main language is, of course, japanese, however this is spoken with a very heavy dialect specific to the kansai region.
the advantages of living in osaka are the high employment prospects, the range of things to do, such as cultural and social activities, and the dozens of shopping malls and streets.
other industries include finance, retail, tourism, banking and so on, just like other large cities all over the world.
public transportation and shopping malls are very crowded and packed, and even when you drive your car in osaka, you feel the roads are quite narrow and very busy with not only cars but also bicycles.
osaka also faces environmental problems such as air pollution caused by heavy traffic, and also natural disasters, for example tsunamis and earthquakes, as 90% of its area is flat and at low elevation.
it also faces social problems such as overcrowding and homelessness.
this force is called "force of a king", and this force appears when you start an agreement with a "code user" who owns an ability that is called "code".
an example of a geass is "geass of absolute observance", the one that lelouch owns.
the eyes of person who owns a geass emit a purple light, and a symbol of a phoenix emerge in the center of those eyes.
however, generally, most of them are the ability to control a human's mind, and the kind of the ability is decided based on the desire of the person who started the agreement.
on the other hand, the strength of the effect of geass is decided according to the aptitude of the geass user.
therefore, if a person who lacks an aptitude concluded starts the agreement, a weak geass that has restrictions appears, or the geass does not appear.
this quote is the finest example of what i am going to write about.
we are often spellbound by the enticing things in life and indulge in them.
the child is never satisfied. that's how we are when we grow older and are a responsible person.
we search for fake happiness, and the its true source becomes nebulous.
i have met so many rich people and what i have noticed is that they always complain about how sad they are.
some even want to become a monk as they don't even care about the money.
but a poor person will laugh at the rich man as for him having money is the only happiness.
you can see real happiness on their face.
i want to give an example of this genuine happiness.
once i was going to temple and the taxi driver was talking and smiling as he had won a lottery.
i asked him, "why are you so happy?" and he smiled and said, "i'm always happy like this because i have everything and i don't desire for more." i was surprised and shocked because he was indeed a poor taxi driver.
besides seeing people in real life, i have read some articles that say that money can't buy happiness.
to experience true happiness, you should learn to give and be kind.
i don't believe this because i am a person who always tries to help others, but what i get in return is sadness.
s i will answer that in the next entry.
if you know the answer, please write it here.
it is a galaxy note 8!
the features it has are the following.
this is the reason why they call it the "galaxy note".
i really feel the difference from the previous cell phone which i used.
another dimension!
i was very pleased to attend a seminar on japanese teachers as volunteers.
i learned some useful japanese from the seminar.
my japanese teacher said "if you enjoy studying then it suits you, please continue."
yes, i will!
but i have seen many people do something inappropriate. for example,
when people take their dogs for a walk
and the dog makes a mess on the street, the people don't clean it up.
i think that is inappropriate because
everyone should respect others when their pets dirty public areas.
they should be required to clean up.
it is a small city, and it's locatedaround forty five kilometers of from the capital city.
this city has cobblestone streets, views of volcanos, a small market, many foreign tourists, many churches from colonial times, and in a few words, it is a beautiful city.
will be it finally be banned everywhere?
on the one hand, that tobacco is unhealthy and annoying is a reality.
nonsmokers have had to endure people smoking near them in schools, planes, restaurants or even hospitals.
for instance, in spain, students could smoke during classes until 1988. however, smoking wasn't banned in restaurants and other public places until 2010.
tobacco leads to plenty of illnesses, for example, tumors or breathing difficulties.
furthermore, to smoke pollutes the air and hurts other people who breath the fumes.
on the other hand, if smoking is banned in public places, people who smoke can think that they are being deprived of their freedom.
in addition, they can reason that they have less rights than nonsmoking citizens and it can bring on demonstrations or strikes.
to sum up, i totally agree with banning smoking in public places, because our health is the most important thing we have.
if i were the president, i would ban smoking everywhere, except private homes.
most countries have banned smoking in public places, especially in bars, restaurants, public buildings, and even streets.
will it finally be banned everywhere?
nonsmokers have had to endure people smoking near them in schools, planes, restaurants, and even hospitals.
for instance, in spain, students could smoke during classes until 1988; however, people could smoke in restaurants and other public places until 2010.
furthermore, smoking pollutes the air and hurts other people who breathe the fumes.
on the other hand, if smoking is banned in public places, people who smoke will think that they are being deprived of their freedom.
in addition, they might believe they have less rights than nonsmoking citizens, and it could bring on demonstrations or strikes.
if i were the president, i would ban smoking everywhere except private homes.
today i texted one of my besties, but she has not replied yet.
why has she behaved like this?
without any reason she has stopped talking with me. at the very least, she has to tell me what she has a problem with.
i want to tell her that if she has a problem, then she has to say it frankly to me.
i know that there is some reason for which she is hiding from me.
i'll turn 22 years old this year.
here 22 years old is quite old, but not that old for marriage.
when i looked at them, i realized that we are already old and we are adults.
i still have a lot of dreams. i want to take my masters, work as a diplomat, or maybe get a good job sooner.
on the other hand, sometimes i think about marriage.
i'm curious about who my future husband will be.
sometimes i think: what if i were marrying someone who converted to the same religion as me?
i'm a muslim and i'm a female. it is not easy for muslim women who will marry a converted man.
i know, the women can help their converted husband, but it takes so much effort, patience, and sincerity, especially for the husband who can learn and wants to learn about his wife's religion.
the marriage life will be fulfilled with good vibes and joyful life.
i drew branches on small sheet of pastel paper.
usually i paint on large paper because i feel more free while doing so.
this month, i have been managing to pratice english for more than 90 hours.
i'm really happy with this.
it's a long vacation, so i have had a lot of time to practice english.
i don't know if i can continue like this, because i'm going back at work in march, so i won't have as much free time as i have right now.
you will need to know this because it won the championship the past two years in in a row.
and the pitchers in charge of setup and closer are both excellent.
they are good at training the young generation.
are these sentences correct?
i can't stand my grandma telling me that i take after my mum's behaviour since my mother is very arrogant.
my friend is looking forward to having her final rehearsal.
a first-person shooting game called playerunknown's battlegrounds took over the crown as the best-selling pc game last year.
it's a bestseller on steam, a pc games platform, over the past 50 weeks.
what makes this game so special? let me tell you little about it. a hundred players all spawn on an island after joining a match.
every player who joins the game only has a single purpose, which is to kill everyone he meets.
and the last person standing gets a winner, winner, chicken dinner slogan, which means he wins this game.
what makes the game so fun is that it's such a thrilling shooting game, because you can get shot by anyone, at anytime, from anywhere.
playerunknown's battlegrounds
a first-person shooting game which is called playerunknown's battlegrounds took the crown of pc games last year.
it's a bestseller on steam, a pc games platform, in last 50 weeks.
a player who joins this game only has a single purpose, which is to kill everyone he meets.
and the last alive person will get a winner, winner, chicken dinner slogan which means he wins the game.
in fact, it's not only a shooting game but also a horror game, because people may get shot from anywhere at anytime.
it's just too embarrassing to receive all those corrections lists, i usually make a lot of mistakes.
looking forward to receive some comments.
i will try to use english and think in english, not to translate from my language.
the two texts present opposed points of views regarding the tourist industry and its effects on the places where it is carried out.
the writer adds that not only a have the towns themselves deteriorated but their populations as well.
the second text tackles the controversy between those who firmly believe that the tourism industry is seriously damaging and, on the other hand, those who object to this statement.
whereas the former ones make the point that the only aim of tour operators is to offer t travelers the opportunity to visit virgin places, the latter ones argue that some tourist companies are now trying to fix the damage previously done thoughthis could be done for obscure purposesrather than being out of concern about preserving environments.
as mentioned above, the two texts gives strongly opposed perspectives with regard to the effects of tourism.
according to the first text, tourism has turned idyllic places into huge tourist resorts and their only purpose is to satisfy their clients regardless the price which has to be paid.
the writer supports his point quite well and although he draws a very pessimistic picture, i could not agree with him more.
in conclusion, i v strongly hope that in the short term, private companies and governments are able to cope with this worrying issue.
the two texts present opposite points of views regarding the tourist industry and its effects on the places where it is carried out.
the first text highlights the fact that villages, which used to be peaceful and untouched, have been transformed into huge tourist hubs where both structures and natural settings have been completely spoiled.
people who used to work in traditional jobs are now working almost like slaves for tourist companies.
the second text tackles the controversy between those who firmly believe that the tourism industry is seriously destructive and, on the other hand, those who object to this statement.
whereas the former group makes the point that the only aim of tour operators is to offer travelers the last opportunity to visit virgin places, the latter group argues that some tourist companies are now trying to fix previous damage, though this could be done for obscure purposes rather because of concerns about preserving environments.
in conclusion, i very much hope that in the short term, private companies and governments are able to cope with this worrying issue.
she had started arguing again with my mother.
i mean, she is going to give birth to her 4th baby boy.
she had started arguing with my mother, again.
i will also make a wish while prostrating before his grave.
i mean, she is going to give birth to her fourth baby boy.
to me, every human life is limited in some way...
she had started arguing with my mother again.
when i pray, it is to god, not his saints.
my question felt silly after that.
i collected the potatoes and put them on the plate to wash them.
i wonder what those so-called religious scholars would say if i asked them questions such as, "is it easier for boys to follow islam than girls?" or "why are the rules for boys and girls so different?"
perhaps azeem was also unable to figure out the reality.
i've been living in shanghai for two years.
it's been so cold since last december that everyone has been wearing a down jacket.
my hometown is located southern part of japan, so even in winter, it's not cold like this.
now march is coming and temperatures is getting high.
do you know that there are some spots for cherry blossom viewing here in shanghai?
i am going to see cherry blossoms in shanghai until i leave here this march.
they must be great and attractive as well as japanese ones.
in this chapter, some meaningful reduced forms of the proposed theory will be deduced in this chapter to reveal the intrinsic connection between previous studies and the proposed theory.
study comes first, i don't understand "come"
it seems that there is something wrong, doesn't it?
they go to an office supply store to buy things for school.
i have my own car, but i just drive it around my neighbourhood.
when i buy a new car, it will be a compact car.
i wrote my last diary entry 6 years ago!?
though i don't like to study, i want to understand english these days.
i want to travel overseas and talk with local people.
if i learn more english, i can communicate with them.
now, i can understand little english, so i decided to start studying it again.
at first, i use lang-8 with an electronic dictionary.
that must have been troublesome for them.
i had used this web site until i got busy.
however, i have finished every task in university like my experiment, presentation, and essay, so i started to use this website again to study and improve my english skills.
i'll try to write as often as i can, but i might not write every day.
so i apologize in advance if i couldn't say "thanks for your advice" immediately.
she told me that she had been sick.
i stopped by at a mcdonald's.
i bought fries and a burger and wanted to take it home.
i rode a rented bike to go home.
i felt terribly tired halfway and i didn't know why.
i walked through the rest.i walked the rest of the way.
the fireworks are cracking everywhere, which is very noisy.
i rode a rented bike toward home.
i went by a mcdonald's.
i rode a public bike home.
when i was halfway home i felt terribly tired; i don't know why.
so i walked the rest of the way.
fireworks are going off everywhere, which is very noisy.
is this usage -- 'say about xxx, that it is xxx' -- grammatically correct?
basically, should i worry about the structure of lyrics?
juve have the mental strength to overcome difficulties however and nullified their opponents with ice cold efficiency."
"- we must say there where some nice combinations for example martina rosucci played very well and also was fouled in occasion of the penalty but frankly speaking the midfield was almost perfect."
"i was out for such a long time so i trained on monday and tuesday but anyway but i think for the other guys it was very important to get focused for the next game against atalanta, to get a free mind, to recover to take time with the family is very important."
does 'in one week's time' mean during the next week?
"we're a great team, but we need to have the mentality each great team possesses, and a team like ours can't possibly take such a dip in the second half, even though we're playing a tough side such as shakhtar, in such a vital match during the round of 16."
today, the train that i was supposed to ride on stopped.
now, i have itchy eyes.
we expected to hear the ring tone in there, but nothing happened.
then i was very surprised that someone picked up my call.
a customer, my father, left it on the table.
i asked him to keep it until my father returns there.
parents with a stroller on the train.
some people see that as bad-mannered.
my mother said that when i was a baby she used a front-facing baby carrier on the train.
she says she didn't want to bother people around her on the train.
i don't think using a stroller is bad mannered, but parents with a baby have to be cognizant of people around them when they use public transportation.
some people regard that bad-mannered.
my mother said that when i was a baby she used a baby front carrier in the train.
she says she didn't want to trouble people around her in the train.
i think using a stroller is not bad manner, but parents with a baby have to be careful around them when they use public transportation.
it will be great to see you tomorrow.
i have a question, when someone asks me, which one they should do first between a and b, how should i answer?
i think you should do this thing first.
i started studying english five years ago.
however, there were many periods during that time when i wasn't studying.
this evening i was in the city center.
i wanted to spend some birthday money on a book.
years ago, i saw a dickens book which was in the old library that is on the corner of conor street, so i decided to go there again and try to buy it.
imagine my surprise when i saw that all the dickens books were sold out.
in this moment, i thought that i should buy a comedy book because the situation was very hilarious.
i like luis piedrahita a lot.
i recommend you buy one.
i like eating it, so i want to travel around japan to do it.
there are a lot of kinds of ramen in japan.
i like eating ramen so i want to travel around japan trying all the different kinds..
chinese people experience a special feeling when they part from a friend.
this feeling is associated with a kind of image in our minds -
this is because of a poem written by liu yong during the song dynasty, and one thousand years later people have the same feeling as their ancestors did long ago.
for example, if someone often says the word 'petrol', they must be a british english speaker.
i've tried this test many times, and usually the results are correct!
on the other hand, if someone usually chooses the word 'tokoya', the speaker will come from east japan.
recently, i've spent a lot of time listening to luke's english podcast since i found the app in the google play store.
all contents of lep can be accessed through gfw. i love this feature.
i thought i should spend more time on speaking and writing from now on.
using my hairstyle as an example, i've often looked younger than i am and i had never felt bad about it.
but i recently realized that the reason to this is because my fringe.
it makes others feel clean and tidy to show their forehead, and i learned the necessary business etiquette as someone working in the business field.
honestly, i thought that i have taken good care of my appearance.
on the contrary, as sometimes i am told that i look smart, i have came to a conclusion that one's appearance is sometimes judged as gorgeous or seen as childish.
it's really difficult to care for your appearance 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. that is why i believe that your appearance is not something that you should be ashamed of when in public.
when you make the list, please refer invoice 1.
invoice 2 is the price for the custom clearance only, so invoice 2 price has nothing relevant to the payment.
a, this is the case when i sent back the repair.
2 is the price of the unit, 1 is the cost of the repair.
it's obvious which one is the billing amount, isn't it?
recently i have been listening to songs and touei animetion on youtube
today, i wrote two entries because i have the time to write english entries recently.
on a side note, touei animation delivery some animations to youtube because of is's 60 anniversary.
recently listening to songs and touei animation on the youtube
today, i wrote two entries because i had time to write english entres recently.
on a side note, touei animation put some of their anime on youtube because it is their 60th anniversary.
these anime are sailor moon, pretty cure, dragon ball, gegege-no-kitaro and more.
i might watch these animations.
recently, i have been listening to songs and touei animation on youtube
their shows include sailor moon, pretty cure, dragon ball, gegege-no-kitaro and more.
today, i wrote two entries because i haven't been writing english entries recently.
not from fear of the antennae of the authorities, but because i had the feeling of disrupting a pleasant and serene picture.
i passed on in silence to one of the ski racks, where i brushed the snow off my skis and then buffed the running surfaces, straps and binding with an old cotton cloth.
after everything was dry, i checked the wax layer for defective spots and found a deep scratch on the left ski.
i had hit something underneath the layer of snow.
i repaired the spot provisionally before smoothing the edges to ready the skis for the tour the next day.
a couple of days ago, i saw some yarn for sale online and ordered some.
before i ordered them, i double checked the color numbers.
i tried to check the back up of my order, but i couldn't find it.
just as we performed the marriage ceremony for our dolls, azeem, our cousin, came running towards us.
once my mother had told me that father had married her because he did not want to marry into a soomra tribe.
father had become a religious fanatic in contrast to uncle arbaaz.
in addition to that father followed local customs, and was often misguided in many ways by the imam of mosque.
now, i'm in adelaide, and i have some homework in which i need to make a report.
also, china is the largest partner which thailand exports to.
if you have any advice, please tell me!
i am too intelligent to be called a mouse.
so don't call me a mouse.
i couldn't come back here, because i forgot this site.
i can't speak english well.
i don't change before time.
we need to study english,
but some colleagues of mine can speak english.
my english level is still the same as before as time goes by.
i started to be an accountant from 2015.
however, some colleagues can speak english well.
does playing video games teach us about life?
in my country, japan, many, especially those who are parents, believe that video games, rather than teaching us about life, is a harmful waste of time for their children.
however, i agree with the statement that playing games teaches us about life for the following reasons.
video games are usually written so that the main character reflects the typical player in some way.
in rpg games, you may select your party, skills, and other aspects of your customizable character.
why don`t you go your own way even if it is your own life?
playing video games helps us to realize that we must be the heroes in our own life stories.
although there may be disadvantages to playing video games, i strongly believe that playing video games teaches us about life.
usually, people tend to give up on their goal or dream on the way while facing big walls or difficulties in their life.
nevertheless, they continue to try to beat bosses by training themselves in video games until the end even if the game ends many times.
through playing video games, you are learning the practice of overcoming your difficulties instead of just giving up.
that is why you should never stop rising to meet your challenges in life, just like in your video games, despite how depressed you feel about your real life.
for these reasons, i insist that playing video games teaches us the important things in our life.
not only does this help to make you believe in yourself in your own life, but also because you can learn how important it is to keep trying.
in my country, japan, many, especially my parent's generation, do not believe that playing video games teaches us about life because they assume that playing games is just harmful and a waste of time for their kids.
most importantly, in most video games, the main character represents the player and their life.
it means that you can choose your life as you wish, and you always can be true to yourself because you are the only person who controls your life.
in rpg games, it is all up to you to select your party, skills, ways, etc
why can't you go your own way even it is your own life?
in that way, playing video games makes us realize how important it is to believe that everyone is the hero of their own life story.
in addition, playing video games teaches us that it is vital that once you finish setting your goal or dream, you should keep following it until the day you die.
nevertheless, they continue to try to beat bosses by training themselves in video games until the end even if it's "game over" many times.
that is why you should never stop challenging yourself in your life, just like in your video games despite feeling depressed about your life.
in conclusion, i suppose that playing video games teaches us a lot about our life.
it takes two hours to go there, plus waiting time.
that means that a socio-pedagogical professional comes to your home and assists you and your family in the education of your children and in different other tasks.
we would like to explain to you some of the basics of the social services for families:
the company xx assists you with the order from the youth welfare office.
your assistant will therefore primarily assist you in reaching these goals.
these days, i hardly write by hand except for my address or name when i need to fill in some forms. this is because i'm always using computers or digital gadgets to write something.
on top of that, i can't believe that i wrote all my papers and essays in longhand those days.
if you want to add or erase even a single character, you have to rewrite everything from that point.
if all computers and digital gadgets vanished, i would be at a total loss.
i wonder, how could i have memorized over 1000 kanj characters during high school?
furthermore, i can't believe that i wrote all those papers and essays in longhand back then.
if you wanted to add or erase even one character, you had to rewrite everything from that point.
today, i donated blood at a bloodmobile.
i was rejected from donating blood for 3 years, so i was happy to be able to do so this time.
i'll do it again in june.
once, we organized an event that i will never forget.oronce, we organized an event that i've never forgotten.
the aim of the event was to stir up everyone's pride of country, especially that of young people.
we achieved it by carrying out a chain of activities that were a combination of team-building games and english.
do these phrases sound okay??
me:"heart, listen, he is only a friend to me.
i regret to inform you that i will not be able to attend your morning classes from tomorrow on because of an unexpected twist in my life.
it seems that i just did very well because a few hours ago i was contacted and told i had got the part-time job.
now, apart from being quite speechless and nervous due to the extremely short amount of time i have had to make a decision, i must admit i am quite happy with this new career opportunity.
unfortunately, as i said, i will not be able to attend my classes any longer, and this is the negative aspect of the new employment opportunity.
i was planning to sit in the ielts exam in a few months, so do you think i could turn my morning lessons into a more suitable evening course?
could you possibly suggest something different?
first of all, i talked about the ps4 pro or nintendo switch.
i want to recommend the ps4 pro.
the first point:
the resolution for mobile mode, which is the sale point of the nintendo switch, is 1280x720 pixels.
in contrast to the ps4, the ps4 and ps4 pro both have a resolution of 1920 x 1080 pixels.
however the ps4 pro is compatible with 4k, so you can play with the game while keeping high picture quality on the tv screen.
the second point:
since the ps4 pro was released before switch, cassettes are abundant.
however, since switch sells various software from now on, expectations expand
i am also looking forward to the nintendo lab releasing in april.
the third point:
the number of people who can multi-play is different.
as an example, i chose battlefield from the ps4 pro and mario kart from switch and compared it.
while mario kart can play with eight players, the battlefield can play with up to 64 players.
the higher number of people makes the game more complicated and doubles the fun.
from the above, i would like to recommend ps4 pro.
if you set a new japanese record, you get 100 million yen.
yuta shitara set a new japanese record in this race, so he will receive 100 million yen.
if you set a new japanese record, you win 100 million yen.
i also want 100 million yen, but i cannot run so fast.
if you break a japanese record, you can get 100 million yen.
yuta shitara established a japanese record in this race, so he will receive 100 million yen.
i also want 100 million yen, but i can not run fast.
back in the day, all the stores on that street were playing jazz.
neither i nor peter is forcing her to be perfect.
i was very popular.
a: what is your standard for being considered popular?a: what is your standard for popularity?a: what is your standard for being that popular?
back in the day, all the stores on that street were playing jazz.back in those days, all the stores on that street were playing jazz.
neither i nor peter are forcing her to be perfect.
a: what exactly do you consider popular to mean?
i worked at my part-time job at a drugstore this morning.
i had fewer customers than i expected.
it was really nice to take a rest while working.
after i finished my job, i went to a cafe in seoul, the capital of my country, to meet an old friend of mine.
i think it might be the last meeting with her because she is going to study in germany as an exchange student.
i know that she's into cosmetics.
so, that's why i decided to buy those things.
maybe i should have spent more time with her.
some time ago i started to go to a dance school called smile.
in every class we would learn 2 new elements, which anybody, who wants, may repeat at self-training.
it was very fun, and then many questions came up.
our coaches explained every step of every elements.
and then we tried to dance to the music.
one month later we have gone from beginning to intermediate level and elements have become become more difficult.
now we have time to learn only 1 element at each lesson.
but two months later the count of elements became more then forty and we started to record video for each element that we know.
now everybody in our group may play the video and remember how it is done.
it's very convenient during self-training.
on holidays after class we gather at the table with our trainers and celebrate together.
i don't dislike spring, but my pollen allergy is really annoying me.
i feel itching in my eyes, ears, and even throat.
and i am always blowing my nose, and i'm sneezing all day.
i really hope that such an annoying season will be over soon...
there are many people who are of the opinion that while some people are always in a hurry to go places, others prefer to take their time and live life at a slower pace.
to begin with, there are a lot of social problems such as the recession, an aging society, and the declining population.
with the development of technology, we are required to work extra time, both on regular work days, and also on holidays.
we don't have a lot of free time in modern society.
therefore, we need to manage our life and our private time.
also, we need to perform our work to a high standard of quality, and not just finish the job quickly.
if i finish a job in a hurry, i can spend free time.
by getting a job done in a hurry, i can enjoy free time.
with limited time, we must live our lives.
also, i visited ireland in an even greater hurry than usual because i wanted to make friends and see a lot of places in ireland.
when i started taking a class at a school, i already had made some friends.
thus, going places in a hurry and getting things done has a positive effect on us.
i also want to get things done.
life is not only time but also money.
i mean the cryptocurrency will be very popular in the future.
tell me please what skills we need to have for success in the feuture?what do we need to learn?
today, i could smell the scent of daphne flowers.
the cherry blossoms will bloom in around one month.
my life is as it always is; not changing very much.
however, the scent of flowers always gives me a little bit of hope.
it's like it's saying something like this:
it is all right for you to stay just the way you are."
i hope that i will invite my mother to the sakura festival when it begins.
today, the scent of the daphne flower was in the air.
the cherry blossoms will bloom in about a month.
it's as though it's saying,
you are all right just the way you are."
i'd like to invite my mother when the sakura festival begins.
it's gradually getting warmer.
my life is the same as always and not much is changing.
some kanji characters don't really look like kanji.
i can think of two such kanji characters right now.
they look more like puzzle pieces from tetris or a pentominos game.
some kanji characters don't seem like kanji at all.
off-hand, two such ones come to mind.
by the looks of these two, you would think they were puzzle pieces from tetris or pentomino.
as for me, that is work, family, friends, music, food, drink, cooking, english and so on.
i read some books in which such effectiveness is given by writing diaries.
the people on lang-8 write many journals everyday.
through writing about what i thought, the things which i am truly interested in have become clearer.
when people write a diary, they may write about what they are interested in.
now, i can recognize exactly what i like.
writing journals helps me not only improve my english skill but also recognize some new things about myself.
what a great practice it is!
i read some books where they argued that writing diaries can be an effective way to accomplish different aims.
the people on lang-8 write many journals every day.
also all journal writers can read others' journals.
through reading others journals, we can learn about various things. what's more, reading the journals is motivating.
i'll keep posting on lang-8 and reading various journals.
it's been a while since i've last posted here because i've recently focused on improving my english listening and speaking.
i actually quit taking english online classes and made opportunities to use english by myself by using an app for language exchange.
by the way, i was into watching a tv drama called "atypical".
i really liked the story, and i was happy to be able to watch them without subtitles.
today, i slept as long as a whole holiday.
at the facility, i gave them the ideas of my group most frequently.
there are theme songs in different languages of disney movies.
for a start*, the new book store is as big as the store in pusan.
however it has a better facilities. for example, it provides us a personal reading area and even a charging area for smart phone users.
it was from 7:20 to 8:30
but i could not  finish reading the book by that time.
she spoke to us about her views as if it was my idea.
due to it, i wasn't embarrassed for not reading the book..
next meeting will be after one month.
i will finish reading a book.
i joined a reading club today.
it was held from 7:20 to 8:30 in the evening.
each person was expected to read the same book and to speak about their own impression in the meeting.
however, i hadn't been able to finish reading it by that time.
the meeting sponsor had known it.
she spoke to us about her idea as if i made it.
due to it, i wasn't ashamed of myself.
our next meeting will be held in one month.
she asked the service counter but they could not find it.
so i advised her to cancel her credit card and reissue her drivers's licence.
but this is japan.
the next day, there was a phone-call that said it was found in the store.
my wife said she didn't need to cancel her credit card.
you fell in love with the rabbit that was hidden in the grass.
today is tuesday.
so i bought ramen and kimbap.
i feel happy to see it.
everybody in this room knows the history of frankfurt market very well.
today, about 8000 business books come to us every year from about 100 countries.
trust is, that these lot companies and about 80000 professional visitors don't come just book market.
in early fifties they discovered business opportunities for example translation.
so, the frankfurt market became the book meeting place of all the world.
the truth is that all these companies and about 80000 professional visitors don't come just because of the book market.
for example, when people run into someone in the office in the morning, people just casually say, "hey, you look so tried today" and it's just considered as casual as saying "how are you today?".
also, a lot of people say things like, "hey, you look like you have put on some weight recently" without even thinking that the other person would take it personally.
people would only mention how good i looked if they were going to say something about my appearance.
the first thing i heard from my dad when i arrived at the airport after my one year in london was "oh my, you've gained a lot of weight in london".
no wonder i lost 5 kgs within 3 months after i came back to korea.
ordinarily, i write articles about twice a week but yesterday, i wrote two articles and transcribed tapes.
furthermore today, i wrote an article and transcribed tapes.
because many japanese companies are at the end of the fiscal year in march, i get more orders in february and march.
i don't want work to pile up.
so, the more work there is, the more briskly i work.
please correct my diary which no one has corrected yet because i tend to overlook the corrections on an entry which someone has already corrected.
if it's ok with you, please write not only corrections, but also reasons.
i feel happy when you leave a comment my newest diary without having to correct.
i'm always seeing things off the wall on this phone.
there's a bear walking towards you right now - you'd better not run.
after i fell off the cliff, i could hardly move.
since i fell off of the cliff, i haven't been able to move.
my dear friend, i don't know how to thank you for destroying my life, you left me alone with no reasons after the years we have spent together. i know it is not your mistake but it's mine because i trusted you more than anyone in this world. i used to be kind to you.
i respected you, i gave you all my time but in the end.
you left me, you didn't even think to call me. however, you have been taught me a good lesson.
i am going to add it to unforgettable part in my memory
i promise you i will not think of you or call you and i will remove you from my life as you did me, now i have the vision to see other people more clearly.
finally, thank you for making me stronger.
does anybody know what the animal "xolo" is called in chinese?
president xi asked for no term limits  for his position as president of china.
however, i think mao's era will not return as chinese people have been well educated by the cultural revolution which was launched by mao.
xi is not so foolish as to be against the chinese people.
i think xi needs to concentrate on the right of the party to push reform forward and now he is doing it.
his target should be to change the relation of the party to the state, weaken the right of the party and strengthen the right of the state, and finally, china will become a much greater country.
then, i received larger sized pants than that i ordered.
i was irritated because that kind of mistake wasn't the first time on this online shopping mall.
they had called me when my size was sold out in the past.
however, now they don't call me to inform anymore, but instead just send the incorrect size or different colored clothes from what i ordered.
sometimes, exchanging is a bothersome thing.
i have to apply to exchange it online, repack it and then send back it by mail.
therefore, i sometimes don't exchange and then just give them to my sisters or my friends.
if so, the online shopping mall doesn't take any losses even if they deliberately send a different size or a different colored item
i was irritated because of their continuous mistake that it may be wilful.
i applied for refund online and sent back the larger size pants this time, but they made me very angery.
they didn't refund until i called them twice and asked for a refund again online.
it wasn't a considerable sum of money, but i hated to let them to lookdown on customers.
finally, i got my money back today!
he has been searching planets where there are intelligent life forms in the early days of their history and introduced the foundations of civilization and culture to them.
he finds another planet which might satisfy these requirements and lands on it.
the residents there wear primitive fur-like clothes and live in caves like humans of the stone age.
more than that he educates them about how to build a house, store foods, prevent diseases, and other skills.
his robot has a huge database of knowledge, and so using that he can teach anything.
after a few months, the residents begin to live well, learning for themselves, and stop arguing.
he says that they built a statue with sincere gratitude and want him to take a gander.
i watched one of smosh's videos on youtube.
i could understand almost all the english used in the video.
but i couldn't understand the quote at 3:22.
i would appreciate it if you could tell me what he said.
this video contains offensive language in some parts.
lets thinking what to do.let's think what to do.
first thinking.first thought? or first thing that comes to mind.
the reason why house owner hesitates about the foreigner. not actually incorrect, but i think it would sound better like:the reason why house owners hesitate about renting a room to foreigners
in view of this, a unified variational principle consistent with the previous studies would be of significance.
today i have an appointment so i have to leave here at 10 to 12.
it was a very interesting weekend!
my girlfriend came to my house from nizhny novgorod.
we were also in a cafe where they make coloured coffee!
it's a latte where they add multi-coloured syrups with unusual tastes.
i drank orange coloured coffee with a blueberry taste!
my girlfriend drank blue coffee with the tastes of chocolate and almonds!
they were very unusual drinks.
we liked them.
i went to a hair salon to get a redo.
i got a perm a few days ago, but it was too soft, so i needed to get it tightened.
it is difficult to tell the stylist what i want it to be like.
the hair salon will redo it for free within seven days of the previous procedure, but they charge you when they do a different procedure.
"ten thousand fists" is their 3rd album, released in 2005.
through the whole album, all instruments play a heavy rhythm together which make the listeners want to headbang.
my favorite tune is the first song in the album, which shares its title with the album.
the vocals have long powerful notes, and it makes me want to raise my fist in the air like its title says.
throughout the whole album,the instruments play heavy rhythm together which make the listeners want to headbang.
my favorite tune is the first song of this album which has same title the album.
disturbed is a heavy metal band which was formed in chicago.
she and i talk to each other in spanish.
i dont think that she is ever serious about meeting me because she doesn't talk a lot and takes a long time to reply.
if she were serious about meeting me, she would go the extra mile to get to know me.
i joked to my colleague, who ate 2 hotdogs at lunch time, that he has to run for four hours on the treadmill as a consequence of eating those hotdogs.i joked to my colleague, ''you have to run for four hours now, for eating those hotdogs.''
recently i feel pain in my shoulder sometimes.
i believe shoulder pain is related to a bad sleeping posture.
i will lie on my back when i sleep.
umbrellas serve a purpose to get people to avoid getting wet from the rain.
sometimes, our life doesn't flow as we want, and we should come to terms with it.
i've never dealt with this kind of situation, i hope i will work through it well.
great leaders always try to take people's opinions into account whenever they make decisions.
which one do you recommend?
are the above sentences correct?
which one do you suggest?
i like playing the piano. i'm not very good at it, though.
are these correct?
how do you treat yourself when you get a cold?
i think it depends on the country or area that you are in.
for example, in japan, it's common to drink isotonic drink but i've heard drinking coke is popular in many areas.
"washington square" by henry james
i've finished reading it just now.
i understand this is the reality.
we can't indulge in fantasy even in the novel.
i'm really happy that they experience japanese culture.
i don't understand why non-japanese people wearing kimono are criticized.
i'm actually very happy that they are experiencing japanese culture.
i completely agree with jun.
i don't understand why non-japanese people who wear kimono are criticized.
i'm actually very happy that they are exploring japanese culture.
i hoped she would get first place, but a rival russian figure skater defeated her by a hair.
medvedeva has made great efforts to perform better on the ice every day for years, and her emotional dance always attracts a large audience.
the other day, i came across a youtube video showing the kind of exhibition performance she did in japan last year.
she is such a big fan of 'sailor moon' that she danced to the opening music of the anime in a cute costume as if she were sailor moon herself.
a lot of japanese students make mistakes like "i think ~ not."
"i think ~ not" is much closer to a japanese expression so i don't feel it is so weird.
but if you wish to stay overnight, please inform us of the number of users, just for our reference.
the chessboard has a checker pattern.
plus chessman have various shapes which is really cool.
on the other hand, the pieces of shogi all look the same.
the rules of chess are much easier than shogi.
in shogi you can use the piece you took, which makes shogi difficult.
in chess you can attack dynamically.
the move of chess pieces are much stronger than shogi pieces.
chess men look really cool.
it is quicker to arrive at your destination when we take an airplane than a ship.
a: sorry, i don't know him.
i went to a well established cat cafe "nekonomise" because i had some spare time.
you can read books and interact with cats there.
when i was there, they seemed sleepy because they had just been fed.
"my condition has already improved a lot."
"hey, is it okay for you to already be back at your desk?"
i wanted to come back to work.
please carry on with your work."
"my condition has already settled down."
it's my wish to come back to work.
"hey, are you already alright to come back to your desk?"
"i'm ok now.
it was my wish to come back to my work.
"no way!
we drank a cup of zunda smoothie.
we drank a cup of zunda smoothie.
my wife also seemed to be sleepy and dull all day.
i have been sleepy since yesterday morning.
it is was very warm yesterday and today.
it is a warm winter day.
i don't want the snow to melt, but i would like it to get warm.
they had never expected to lose her so suddenly.
actually, before her he had brought several japanese ladies to his room one by one.
i wondered why she was killed and not the others.
why did he kill such an innocent lady who just came to see him?
the police found all of those ladies and confirmed that they were safe.
i hope they learned a good lesson from this.
it's really sad to say but one must not be too quick to believe others, because in this society there are many bad people so we should be careful.
if he told you that he wants to meet you alonei guess it's better not to meet.
my sincere condolences to the family who lost their loving daughter!
last year, i suddenly couldn't hear anything.
i was really surprised, but i have gotten a lot better now.
ryotaro shiba is one of the most famous novelists who have written historical novels.
he has had more influence on japanese people's view on history than any other historian or researcher.
last year i suddenly went deaf.
i was very surprised.
i started taking singing lessons!
whenever they say, "let's go to karaoke!", i feel uncomfortable and want to run away.
i like music very much and i want to sing well.
i decided to take up singing lessons to solve my problem.
i feel that it is worth paying that much.
i can't wait for the time when i have to go for karaoke with my foreigner friends.
most of my french friends really like to sing at karaoke, but i'm not good at singing.
whenever they say, "let's go to karaoke!", i feel uncomfortable.
it was a amazing.
as for me, it worth to pay!
i can't wait for the time when i go to karaoke with my foreigner friends!!
i will sing so much better than before.
right now i am thinking whether i should change jobs.
one from australia, one from indonesia, and one from the middle east.
if one of them is compatible with me, i will probably have a stable customer who will give me regular orders.
introducing myself
i am a sophomore in the department of agronomy at ncyu.
it is easier to get on an airplane than a ship.
the entrance of airports, for airplanes are on the ground and ports for ships are on the coast.
you can choose which to take depending on where you are traveling.
five years ago i wanted to get a high score on toeic, so i always studied english grammar and words.
however, my motivation decreased little by little and i finally stopped studying.
recently, i felt motivated to learn it again, so i restarted studying english.
i believe i can fulfill whatever i want to do if i make a sufficient effort.
a man with greenish purple eyelids came back from work.
i found her skirt sandwiched between her butts, so i just pulled it out.
what happened?"
a man came back from work with black-and-blue eyes.
then i found her skirt was sandwiched between her butt cheeks, so i just pulled it out for her.
my friend from arizona told me this story.
while she and her family want to visit el paso, texas, but they go to mexico....
is there no border between texas and mexico?
actually they are native american, so mexico sent them back to us.
second, the number of users.
third, the number of characters we can use.
first, it is easy to send out information.
the number of twitter users is 45 million.
thus, you can connect with more people on twitter.
third, we can get much information on twitter.
first, the reality of the world in this novel.
the invention of humanoid robots with ai, the battle between humans and ai, all these things may come true in the future.
therefore, we can learn from this novel about coexistence with science and ai.
is itmurder to destroy a robot with intelligence and feelings?
should robots have human rights?
what is the meaning of it's bizarre title?
preparation for my speech
do you think snow is a fantasy?
after this speech, you will be able to understand the troubles of living in a snow country.
commuting to the workplace and to school takes a lot of time, more than in any other season.
if it snows hard, we have to come in the second floor.
studying english my way.
while i'm going to the office, i have time to study english time.
when i ride on the train, i read a manga that was drawn in english.
when i walk to the office, i listen to english comunication on youtube.
and during lunch time, i'm writing this diary now.
this is my first day.
i took him out for a walk this morning.
it took an hour to finish.
the dishes in this restaurant are good!
food in this restaurant is good
dishes in this restaurant are good
i don't care whether you are interested in what i said anyway.
also, i know it is possible that we can speak some other languages like a native speaker, depending on our efforts or environment surrounding us.
i can understand how well you can speak english once i've talked to you.
i do think that you should use your mother tongue in your sns account or your personal blog.
actually, you have the right to choose whatever language you like.
i feel like i'm gibbering
however, i just tried to write what had come up in my mind
native speakers aren't aware of the english structure because they utter words and phrases naturally.
to be fair, i couldn't explain japanese to my foreigner's friend this morning.
but, he knew the japanese grammar we talked about without any explanationhaha.
how smart he is!
i have totally changed my hairstyle, but i'm worried that my girlfriend will not like it.
this month, i spent too much on others.
i agree with the idea that in the stories in movies and tv programs, good people should be rewarded, and bad people should be punished.
children are easily affected by media, and they learn a lot from stories in movies and tv programs, such as the importance of being good.
for example, we have a famous tale in japan, called "a rabbit and a turtle." this story has been broadcasted again and again on tv for many decades, so almost all japanese people, including children, watch and know this story.
the rabbit was able to run much faster than the turtle, so the rabbit ran far ahead of the turtle soon after the race started.
after the rabbit could no longer see the turtle behind him, the rabbit felt at ease, became inattentive, and started to nap because of his overconfidence.
i believe that the lesson of this story is that it is great to do something constantly and diligently even if we are not good at doing it, and people who do should be rewarded.
the main reason is that we can learn from stories where good people are rewarded, and bad people are punished.
for example, we have a famous tale in japan, called "the rabbit and the turtle." this story has been broadcast again and again on tv for many decades, so almost all japanese people, including children, watch and know this story.
the turtle overtook the sleeping rabbit, but the rabbit did not realize it.
in movies and tv programs, good people should be rewarded, and bad people should be punished.
the main reason is that we can learn from such stories.
we often watch tv programs and movies, so they have a huge influence on us.
children are easily affected by media and learn a lot from what they watch, such as the importance of being good.
for example, we have a famous tale in japan, called "the rabbit and the turtle." this story has been broadcast again and again on tv for many decades, so almost all japanese people, including children, know this story.
the rabbit was able to run much faster than the turtle was, so the rabbit got far ahead of the turtle soon after the race started.
after the rabbit could no longer see the turtle behind him, he relaxed, became inattentive, and started to nap because of his overconfidence.
skimming over the list of questions that have been given in past english speaking exams, i started worrying about what will happen if i have to talk about sports for two minutes, because i don't know anything about sports.
i've never paid any attention to anything related to sports.
and luckily, i live near tokyo, so i would be able to experience the atmosphere of anticipation.
i need to talk more...
skimming over the list of questions that were given during the past english speaking exams, i started worrying about having to talk about sports for 2 minutes, because i know nothing about them.
i haven't paid any attention to anything sports-related so far.
for example, one of the expected questions is, "what benefits do international sporting events bring?"
hmm, maybe i am supposed to talk about the olympics?
public transportation becomes more convenient and useful to accommodate foreigners,
and, luckily, since i live near tokyo, so we would be able to feel the atmosphere of anticipation.
what are the benefits of international sporting events?
hmm, maybe talking about the olympics would be good...
public transportation becomes more convenient and useful because of all the foreigners that come,
and luckily i live near tokyo, so i would be able to feel all the excitement in the atmosphere.
i need more to talk about...
fear of virtual currency.
i found a movie related to virtual currency when i was browsing some movies on youtube.
the title was "my currency was stolen."
i watched the movie.
she said, "the police and the exchange ignored me even though i reported it to them.
she lost 20,000 yen.
i'm scared to buy virtual currency.
he rises early every morning and studies for one hour, then goes to work.
hello.
my aim is that this speech helps you increase your interest in japanese culture.
foreign food is heavy and has a poor vocabulary.
while the japanese food is not only tasty, but also the way it is presentade is more appealing.
in japan, the public utilities, including roads and the restrooms, are more hygienic.
hospitality in japan is of high quality.
actually, the quality of services in japan are well regarded among foreigners.
this book is talking about the reason.
i've just read only first and second chapters.
the way of thinking, "rhythm of rice cultivation," is interesting and fresh for me.
i am a 17 year old japanese girl.
i will graduate from high school on march 1st.
but i get wrong i have friends.
i will probably be alone at the commencement ceremony.
why do i have no friends?
my niece is four years old, and she has gone to nursery school since last year.
my smartphone standby display is a picture of her.
when she was one year old, she looked like her father but now she's more like her mother.
she imitates comedians appearing on tv.
after i finish telling you about them, you will want to visit these places.
secondly, i will discuss the ingredients in each kind of water.
thirdly, hot springs make us happy.
although hot water of public baths is artificial water, hot springs are made of natural water.
lastly, i feel happy when i go hot springs.
hot springs make us happy but public baths only make us warm.
while the hot water of public baths is tap water, hot water of hot springs is natural water.
then, i had told you about ingredients.
while public bath has no ingredients, hot springs have some ingredients.
for example, hot springs contain acidic sulfur.
while public baths only make us warm, hot springs make us relaxed.
i may transfer to philippine branch abroad.
i have two anxieties.
one of my anxiety is leaving my recent job and my co-workers.
i like my job. the people are s kind, and they always take care of me.
i am disappointed with myself.
i have negative thoughts everytime.
i tend to think of tasks to be done next, when someone suggests an idea.
but someone who thinks positively, tends to act on the suggested idea first.
i should start thinking positively.
once i start thinking positively, my chances of success are more.
as you know, there are several ways you can enjoy snowboarding.
first of all, you can go down a big mountain in a natural setting, one that hasn't been designed or built as a snowboarding course..
you can feel the fresh snow and enjoy a wonderful natural view.
or you can also practice jumps and tricks in a specially built structure called a
"halfpipe.".
on a side note, i've never did any dangerous tricks or moves, but i enjoyed watching the snowboarding competition at the olympics.
i do believe this application would give a potential candidate the chance to explore further possible results, to play in a fully immersed experience, adopt new points of view and methods, exchange from the environments and their member and to create ideas.
i want to talk with foreign people in various countries. that's one of my reasons for learning english.
i'd like to go sightseeing, too.
i can see beautiful and huge sights that i can't see in japan.
travelling is great.
my wife and i went to turkey on our honeymoon.
we got to see some huge sights and made a few friends there.
we enjoyed eating the local cuisine and going shopping.
however, we have not taken any trips recently, so we want to take one again soon.
what is the most important thing when you take a trip?
for me, it is sightseeing.
i'm sure that i could enjoy trips more if i could speak english fluently.
imagining having many friends all over the world is very exciting for me.
i hope i can meet lang-8 friends in real life someday.
with him it's safe te.with him it's safe to take him for a ride
it looks like it is going to rain.
i need some hot tea.
how about you?
has instant food improved the way people live?
there are so many instant food all over the world.
, there are various kinds of food, for example rice balls, sandwiches, hamburgers, noodles and so on.
they can be bought everywhere like convenience stores or super markets which are open 24 hours.
in my opinion, instant food has definitely improved our lives.
let's imagine the situation that a working mother has just got back home at night and has to prepare the dinner for her children who are already starving.
, previously she had to start with raw materials.
however, thanks to the frozen vegetables and ready meals, she could get the dinner ready in a short time, which allows her to extend her relaxing time after the meal.
using instant foods, we can enjoy much more free time than without them.
also i consider it very important that less injuries like cuts with the knives or burned with the fires happen  when using instant foods.
today, i had a job interview after work.
i want to end this activity soon.
working for other people can be a good thing that allows you to become a good professional.
when you start from scratch the reality of going into a business by yourself seems much more difficult that of a company where you can find lots of experienced people who you can learn from to make the path to becoming a professional much faster.
but at some point, you discover that most of the time you are the one who is teaching the others.
but this also makes you think that if you are good enough to teach people maybe you can be good enough to run your own business.
besides, running your own business can allow you to improve your standard of living and work on your own time which is scheduled around your free life.
i feel so good when i'm here that i don't want to come back home.
i'm waiting in the airport, roissy-charles-degaulle.
in the first few sentences the reader is given some insights and impressions regarding the employee mae and her trip to the francisco bay area.
after all, she is convinced that knowledge is a basic human right which everyone should have access to it.
we can watch squirrels in "squirrel's path" because we can enter there.
after noon i went to a supermarket.
i felt a little embarrassed, because i didn't have a girlfriend.
she had some teeth pulled out yesterday, there was a lot of bleeding, so she didn't feel like talking too much.
in the afternoon i went to a supermarket.
the clerk asked me if i wanted to buy some chocolate.
i just bought a can of starbucks coffee.
from the given excerpt we learn that mae is a young employee at a tech company called circle.
one day, she goes on a secret trip to san francisco bay with a stolen kayak.
more than that, she perfectly accepts the hard criticism because she admits that she behaved very egotistically.
yesterday, i went over to my friend's house, who is japanese but grew up in the us.
his first language is english, but he speaks japanese almost naturally.
i asked him to say it again, because the name of the company he mentioned didn't sound familiar.
something occurred to him, and he said to me in japanese that it was zurich, pronounced as "chu-ri-hi".
i don't know why, but we call the company and city that way in japanese.
i can't believe that there's nothing in common in its pronunciation between two languages.
there are many words like that, such as athens and vienna.
i think that makes studying english tougher for us.
i am back in japan for a year!
i really want to go back to japan when i am in germany.
i always think there are good things where i am not.
i do enjoy where i am now, but sometimes i miss where i am not.
today was my holiday, and i wanted to utilize that time for my personal work, but because the power was cut for the whole day, i was not able to do anything.
it was my fault that i had not charged up my laptop and mobile.
but who knew that today was going to be load shedding.
drug epidemic
thousands of people are dying for overdose every year.
it is thought that there is not going to be a quick solution, so the authorities expect the problem will last for at least two decades.
it seems that the issue started with doctors prescribing painkillers in a not very adequate way, at least not foreseeing the addition of this type of drugs.
trying to stop the health problem the authorities and the health system begun to reduce the prescription of these medications, so people who are addicted turn to substitutes and go to the black market for them.
it was related more with poor and marginalize people who went into drugs as a way to escape their situation.
many youths lost their lives during that period, whole families were affected and it was a really hard time.
these days, there is no marginalized people who are using these drugs, it is just people trying to cope with the effects of other drugs such as cocaine and synthetic drugs.
i hope that the authorities and the government foresee this problem and take the needed steps to avoid a major health problem.
i shovelled snow and i shovelled snow and i shovelled snow and i was very tired every day.
the snow mound is about 80 cm high.
1.'barbie doll' is a reflection of an aspect of society's distorted view of beauty that has become standardized yet strange.
the third party is looking for a girl.
sometimes, i've got this feeling as if i have grown up in a carefree daydream.
the end of the month  was always trying.
around my tenth year, times became particularly difficult.
actually, it's because my parents couldn't feed us anymore with only my father's pay so my mother went to castres to open her own shop.
at night, on his luggage rack, he brought back home a cardboard box filled with the suits that had to be tried or delivered.
thanks to my mother's new urban relationships, he was able to gradually have some extra customers in castres.
the skeletons of the almost leafless trees swayed back and forth, their shadows gliding over the ground as if they had been synchronized by a deranged clockmaker.
amidst this bustle of silently gliding shadows and windblown rustling leaves i suddenly noticed a shape.
it was standing at the bottom of the stairs that led to the backdoor of the inn, staring without motion into the sky.
i took the toeic exam on january 28th, and yesterday i receive the results.
i ran out of time and couldn't finish the exam, but my score was much better than i expected.
i think i prepared enough.
anyway, i'm glad i could learn my english level, even though toeic may not reflect my true skills.
honestly, i'm satisfied with my results because there is room for improvement.
my goal is to speak english as fluently as native speakers do, but i'm not there yet.
at least, this is the result of my work over the last two years.
i started studying two years ago, but i forgot when i actually started.
she was my english teacher, but now we're friends.
i'm pretty relieved.
i stayed up late studying for it, and i think i prepared enough.
well, i'd say it's more worthwhile than studying, because really, the manga's kind of like a textbook on life.
well anyway, i'm glad i could find out my english level, even though the toeic may not reflect my true skills.
hmm, actually, i would be lying if i said i'm satisfied with my results.
she was my english teacher but now we're friends.
i took the toeic exam on january 28th, and yesterday, i received the results.
i ran out of time and couldn't finish the exam, but i scored much better than i expected.
i stayed up late studying for it, but i think i prepared sufficiently.
well, i'd say it's more worthwhile than studying because, you know, the manga's kind of like a textbook on life.
...actually, i would be lying if i said i was satisfied with my results.
i started actively studying two years ago, but i forget when i actually started learning english.
she used to be my english teacher, but now we're friends.
my husband has recently been hunting for a job.
he has been studying even harder than usual in order to be hired in a new field.
he has worked for a branch of an american firm in japan.
he is thinking of moving to a foreign firm in japan this time.
he is going to be interviewed in english so he spends most of his time studying.
however, he has struggled to make a script for the interview because he cannot write it the way a native english speaker would say.
inspired by him, i have been studying english by outputting and memorizing new words.
i think, so-to-speak, teachers' roles are mainly two things, sharing their knowledge with students and supporting students who try hard to advance toward their goals both educationally and mentally.
they always happily teach their children not only knowledge, wisdom and tips, but also their experiences that they consider are good for children to know.
even those that are shameful and embarrassing for parents themselves.
who else except for parents can tell us the ashamed stories in their ever lives?who else except for parents would tell us embarrassing stories from their lives?
these kind of stories are usually the best advice for the young.
additionally, needless to say, parents always support their children, especially mentally.
they also have a deep understanding of the strengths and weaknesses of their children.
parents are the only which can guide us toward the short-cut to the goal based on our individual characteristics.
when i study english by myself, i usually write first and then i listen to some english tv programs, often about cars or houses.
every episode has different protagonists, some of them speak very clearly so i can understand pretty much everything, but others speak quickly and with slang so i don't understand anything.
in those cases i stop the video and i repeat many times the sentence i haven't understood, but there isn't anything i can do, i don't understand.
i don't get discouraged and i continue to practise my listening.
language learning is my passion.
through learning a language, i can learn more about its people and its culture.
so that`s what i`m basically doing.
my hobbies apart from learning languages: reading fiction and self-development books, bodybuilding, psychology, poetry, chess, philosophy.
regarding your studies.
except japan.
people lie and others say hurtful truths, where is the justice there?
manners are a way to show respect and kindness for other people.
we will be perceived better if we behave well.
everyone should be respectable and also respect others because everyone wants to feel harmony with others, not solitude.
slowly went back to my life prior to meeting my dwarf friend and hearing all that rubbish about those hidden libraries.
i've been tracking tim's behavior lately and it's been a letdown.
he needs to dispel all his preposterous fantasies about the people in the office fostering malcontent towards him.
psychologically speaking, he's barreling down a very dangerous path.
his unfounded paranoia probably stems from his love of drama.
he's always seeking to make excuses and to play the victim.
if he blocks you and gets angry, stand your ground, pick up the story.
if you feed your imagination with distressing falsehoodyou will go nuts.
he'll eventually become incapable of zeroing in on any realistic or constructive criteria, when the time to benchmark ourselves against our competitors comes.
his strategieswill stop being practical.
they will lose the breadth and depth that we need them to have.
no sirree bob.
we can't allow this problem to worsen.
solve this even if you have to walk him through a primer in mental strategies to control his paranoia.
tell him he needs to shed his old mental models.
i think many people would not even be able to easily remember how they looked.
when it comes to spiritual objects, however, the story seems to be different.
it is much harder to make one of such objects go away.
far more importantly, one enters the theater with feelings very similar to those that their distant ancestors had before the start of a performance, say, 200 years ago.
even if one prefers to read from an e-reader rather than feel physical paper pages and flick through them, this does not at all mean that they have never bought paper books before, or will never buy them on occasion.
for example, dataism, the novel trend which is the product of computer sciences and modern biology, argues that the dataflow is, or is about to become, the most valuable thing in the twenty-first century.
the material world versus the spiritual sphere
carriages were completely replaced by mass-produced cars.
no one uses horse-drawn carriages as a mode of transport nowadays.
when it comes to spiritual objects, however, the story seems to be completely different.
it is much harder to make such objects go away.
for instance, the rise of the cinema did not significantly affect the theater, just as the internet did not manage to 'destroy' newspapers or radio.
but after a while the balance was restored; those who sincerely loved watching theatre performances returned to their favourite form of entertainment.
far more importantly, one enters the theater with feelings very similar to those that their distant ancestors had before the start of the performance, say, 200 years ago.
i am just thinking that maybe this law is called a double sinusoid, because a process concerning the spiritual sphere, no matter what it is, first experiences a downward trend which is usually followed by an increase, and it may continue this way.
such considerations may lead, or, at least, contribute to the idea of the infinite and somewhat special nature of the spiritual sphere in contrast with the totality of objects constituting the material world.
to put it in another way, new things appearing within the spiritual kingdom neither prevent old ones from prospering nor make them obsolete or superfluous.
even if one prefers to read on an e-reader rather than feel physical paper pages and flick through them, this does not mean at all that they have never bought paper books before, or will never buy them on occasion.
as for my opinion, i think that all this sounds, at least to some extent, convincing for us, contemporary people.
for example, dataism, the novel trend which is the product of computer sciences and modern biology, argues that the flow of data is, or is about to become, the most valuable thing in the twenty-first century.
looking at this page, the number of patients with the flu is reducing:
on friday, my wife got a fever and i took her to the doctor the next day.
the doctor said she had caught the flu and she had to rest.
needless to say, i have to do almost all the household chores.
i hope she will get better today.
according to this page' information, the number of patients with flu is reducing:
on friday, my wife got a fever so i brought her to the doctor the next day.
the doctor said that she had caught the flu and she had to rest.
the doctor said she caught the flu and had to rest.
needless to say, i have to do almost all the house chores.
hay fever season has arrived in japan.
i heard there is a lot of cedar and cypress pollen in the air where i live now.
i hope this medicine will allow me to spend this season comfortably.
this book impressed me a lot when i read it a few years ago.
it is a most influential book for me because this story is a metaphor of limited and spiritual poverty which are able to kill everything living and creative.
i think that is the best book by marquez.
this book is about incredible patience and dignity.
these novels are about a journalist who works for a soviet newspaper and protests against the unconscious absurdity of the soviet life.
it is an interesting story about the nature of humanity which was shown through an incident surrounding a bus which lost its way and got stuck in the mud.
it is about little boys who degenerate, turning from civilized children into savages who are able of killing.
it is a story about freedom, which implies responsibility, and the fact that youth and innocence aren't synonymous.
it would be interesting if you answered these questions: what is your top-5 list of favourite books?
what is your most influential book?
this book impressed me very much when i read it a few years ago.
it is a most influential book for me, because the story is a metaphor of limited and spiritual poverty which are capable of killing everything living and creative.
i think this is marquez's best book.
this novel is about a journalist who works on a soviet newspaper and protests against the unconscious absurdity of soviet life.
dovlatov has an original sense of humour and he is also a subtle philosopher.
this i s an interesting story about the nature of humanity which was shown through the incident with the bus which lost its way and got stuck in the mud.
this is about some little boys who defy evolution, turning from civilized children into savages who are capable of killing.
a story of freedom, which implies responsibility, and the fact that youth and innocence aren't synonymous.
the less time i have, the more time i want to spend reading books.
i might unconsciously want do it for a change of pace.
the less time i have, the more time i want to spend time to read books.
i might do it for a change, subconsciously.
i watched a late night dolphin performance in shinagawa's aqua park.
the performance was fantastical because it was combined with beautiful projection mapping.
thank you for the performance.
i think you told me before that it was getting better so why don't you go back to the gym?
the problem is how can i travel there with him without anybody knowing.
anyway, i told him i'm not sure if i can meet him so i think he got the message that i'm not keen to do so.
btw, safy didn't like the idea of travelling with him to aswan.
this was an extra reason why i told him what i did.
is it ok in western culture for people who like each other or are friends to send nudes or show intimate parts of their body during video calls?
while another holland one said 'it happens but it is not normal and people who do it either pervert or stupid'.
so what do you think?
hello, i'm currently preparing for an english exam.
i really need help correcting my writing. however, my post is a bit long! this is my essay below with the question.
issues regarding new traffic developments are always a hot potato since lots of profits are related with them.
some people insist governments should invest more on railway construction rather than roads for public benefits, while others disagree with the statement.
in my opinion, it is more beneficial to develop railways and i will detail reasons why in this essay.
firstly, good public transport infrastructure contributes to improves in the environment.
in reality, people would prefer to use public transport rather than own vehicles if they could easily obtain access to remote regions by public transport.
also, because they can save not only money but also time instead of driving.
as a result, decreasing car usage may reduce air pollution.
as a case of study, copenhagen, the most famous city known for it's large number of bicycle commuters owed to it's development of bike lanes, has clean air.
secondly, improving public transportation is essential for balanced regional development.
to be specific, having better connections to other cities brings benefits to the local economy.
it shortened the commute time to gangwondo, taking only 2 hours to get to from seoul station.
although the olympics will be over, experts predict that this railway is expected to carry a lot of travelers and stimulate economic growth in this district.
thus it is reasonable that the government should allocate more of it's budget on railway for the future.
it was impossible for you to tell if they were lying to you or not.
i worked at a school for a year.
i decided to quit this job because i make little money there and i find it very difficult to work with children 13-15 years old.
this job requires patience and love.
after working for a year i realized that this job is not for me.
being a school teacher in russia is not honorable; how about in your country?
how much money do school teachers make in your country?
one of my american friends spoke to my french friend in english but with a fake french accent.
he said he did so because he loves everything about france, including their accents in english.
but i remember he drank more than a little red wine then.
i'm planning to go there in march, 2019.
however, since the travel fee for a trip to hawaii is very expensive, i'm looking for any way to go to hawaii cheaper.
in addition, i'm concerned that it is difficult to go abroad accompanied with two children.
however, since the travel fee to hawaii is very expensive to me, i'm looking for the most inexpensive trip to hawaii.
in addition, i'm concerned that it is difficult to go abroad with two children.
i have traveled to taichung this time, but i want to go to taipei next time.
noble and villain,
among certainty and doubt,
out of mind and within mind,
too far away and too close...
immortal and mortal...
today i learned about quantum mechanics and found myself unenlightened in this field.
i hope to learn more about physics.
its main meaning is to study continuously.
the last time i wrote a post on lang-8, was a long time ago.
many things have changed since then.
i also found a job at a space research enterprise, where i currently work as a java developer.
i also broke up with my girlfriend and i really don't know what to feel about it yet.
it's pretty strange how things can change so quickly in life.
this is how my life changed in the last year while i was away from lang-8.
have you already bought a ticket?
there are several subway lines in ginza station.
ginza subway line is the yellow line on the subway map.
please do not take other lines.
asakusa station is 10th stop from ginza station.
it will take about 15 minutes.
if you have any trouble, please ask a train staff on the paid fare zone or on the platform.
there were a lot of people at the station.
right now, i'm watching the tv.
the quantity of snow on this island last winter set a new record.
the low temperatures were record-breaking as well.
i felt spring coming.
we might be on the boundary of seasons.
i was not able to take a walk in the morning because i overslept
there is something new which i started doing today.
i decided to wear only two colors of clothes, black and white.
it definitely makes my decisions for buying and wearing clothes easy.
what do you think about a man who wears only white shirts and black pants?
i didn't feel like i was alive for the last couples weeks because i was paranoid that the cancer would come back.
i went back to the hospital to take another scan and then, i had two more tests to see whether cancer cells came back or not.
i was scared to death when i was having a test and waiting for all the results.
i didn't feel like i was alive for the last couples weeks because i was paranoid that the cancer might have come back.
i was scared to death when i was having the test and while waiting for the all of the results.
i really hope spring will come soon as i'm getting fed up with wearing jumper, coat, scarf and gloves....
i have been clear of cancer for 5 years.
i didn't feel like i was alive for the last couples weeks, because i was paranoid that the cancer might have come back.
i went back to the hospital to take another scan and then, i had to wait more for the tests of whether there were cancer sells or not.
i was scared to death when i was having the test and waiting for the all results.
i really hope spring will come soon as i'm getting fed up with wearing jumpers, coat, scarf and gloves....
i had a stomachache because i was probably poisened by dumplings
i ate dumplings for dinner, but after a while i had a stomachache...
since i'm getting better, i don't care what was right now, but i absolutely think it is due to the dumplings
from this experience, i learned that i should heat them thoroughly next time.
trpgs are a lot of fun
trpgs are just like an electronic role playing game.
in role-playing video games, the game already has a story and the player follows the scripts written by the game's designer.
the game also has exquisite portraits, scenes and beautiful music, used to inspire the player to imagine a different world.
although trpgs are not as exquisite as electronic games, they provide total freedom for players to take advantage of their imaginations.
also i make a lot of friends playing trpgs, who have an imaginative yet positive attitude towards life.
my father was born in niigata prefecture, where winter sports are popular, that's why i used to go to a skiing ground and play with a sledge when i was a child.
at first i enjoyed skiing, but eventually i got interested in snowboarding, and i thought that snowboarders are so cool.
recently the working environment has started to change in japan, but still, many executives think that employees should get a royalty from their company.
in my experience, i would recommend you to switch to another job in a few years.
even if you switch your job within the same industry, there are many different aspects.
and also it goes without saying that different people are working in another office.
that will change your mind, and help you to understand the thoughts of another people.
i'm sure you'll be able to experience other aspects of work.
i am going to sever some ties.
recently i have been thinking that i don't need anymore shallow relationships in my life.
the quality of a relationship is more important than the quantity.
#451 a strange new species of insect was discovered in the amazonian rainforest
a strange new insect species has been discovered in the amazon rainforest.
a team led by harvard professor rita nelson has announced that they have discovered a new species of butterfly on monday.
nelson, her team was wandering in the tsuck fov district, when they unexpectedly found a butterfly that looked completely different from any known species---it had sharp teeth and claws, just like iguanas.
they later confirmed that it did not belong to any known species of butterfly.
today, i am talking about a least favorite teacher.
well, i have many reasons why i hate him so i will talk about some of them.
recently, a test he was in charge of was returned to me.
my score was 47%.
this score was not so bad but additionally he imposed homework on me.
only on me he imposed additional homework to do.
because i hate him.
please correct my sentences.
resolutions for the new year
the spring festival of 2018 is over.
it's my first day back to my job.
one of my colleagues was promoted to be a team leader because of his fluent english.
but i have flushed my learning passion down the toilet.
i'm so sad ly.
so here is my new year's resolution: learn english
i need to sleep. i'm very tired. my daughter kept me up all night; she is a six month old and she has trouble sleeping during the night.
sometimes she falls asleep suddenly but when i put her to bed she wakes up and after that it's going to take me another couple of hours to get her back down.
if someone else can give me advice about by daughter sleeping, i will gladly accept it.
thanks
you got schooled by someone who hasn't played as much as you have.
you got schooled by someone who hasn't played as much as you do.
have you ever had such a beautiful dream that you strived in your half-sleep to hold on to every single second?
i had this fantastic dream last night, the kind of dream that you just don't want to forget.
"what did you dream about?", you may be asking.
it was about murderous lipstick used by a brown android named "rose", descendants of the doctor and genetic mutations.
last weekend i went to shiga kogen in nagano prefecture to ski.
this place is one of the most popular ski resorts in japan.
the reasons for its popularity are:.
because shiga kogen is located above the mountain, which is over 3280.84 feet, it's very cold and the snow won't melt.
it's too vast to do all the courses in one day.
a skier can move easily between each ski resort by transferring via ski lift.
at that time, i was surprised to see so many foreign skiers visiting shiga kogen.
twenty years ago, there weren't any foreign skiers.
it's great that foreign skiers visit shiga kogen.
in japan, the number of skiers are decreasing every year and the number of ski resorts that are closing are increasing.
visiting ski resorts in japan help them to survive.
thank you foreign skiers!!!!
yesterday was my eldest daughter's 8th birthday.
these days, i've been so busy that i haven't drunk at all.
today, i'm drinking after my son went to bed! haha!!
i'm so happy to be relaxing!
today, i'm going to drink after my son goes to bed! haha!!
aaand, i'm so happy to relax!
curling is a very interesting sport
i am so happy that the japanese women's curling team at the pyeongchang olympics won a bronze medal.
they played against the english team for third place.
i was worried that they were going to lose because the english team beat the japanese team in the tournament.
this is japan's first olympic victory in curling.
it is the teamwork that makes this sport so attractive.
the player who makes the last shot is important but it is up to the other members of the team to position the stone accurately first.
it was through these olympic games that i discovered curling to be an exciting sport and i hope that these games raises its profile.
thank you to the japanese curling team!!!!
i thought about azeem's philosophy, and it somehow gave me confidence to fight for my rights.
aman wadi was very happy to know that aunty fariha was pregnant again, and that her ultra sound tests showed that she had a baby boy again.
mother knew that if she replied, awan wadi would get angrier and she would make a mountain out of a molehill.
some he leaves for us to deal with.
i had often won the races against my brothers, so from the bets, i had collected almost 200 rupees.
she had started again arguing with my mother.
they believed he listens to one's wishes and fulfils them.
father believed that pir saeen to whom aunty fariha went was not a true saint.
he believed that saen shah was a true saint, so he sent mother to his shrine.
pinkey went with mother, and all the other children went with their parents.
he took a knife and started to peel the potatoes.
however, other parts of their behavior might not have been.
i cannot understand why people misguide others.
only god is "unlimited".
because i a got free ticket.
ganbanyoku means sauna.
the sauna makes me feel refreshed.
because it's a waste only using the sauna, i attended a studio lesson.
it is a lesson program that mixes various types of dance.
the teacher asked me to come closer.
because, this lesson had a duo part.
it was exciting to suddenly dance in front of everyone.
something happened with our constitution yesterday.
even if you report your opinion successfully on the network, it will be deleted by the website as soon as possible.
many people's accounts are closed.
recently i read a book which mentions the cultural revolution.
some stories which described the revolution's detail in the book are hard for me to accept.
there happenedwas some news about our constitution yesterday.
the tragic irony is that we said the only way out is emigration.
i've been hoping to post at least one entry a day but i can't decide on a topic easily every day.
i thought about the philosophy that azeem held, and it was giving me the confidence to fight for my rights.
aman wadi was very happy to know that aunty fariha was pregnant again, and that her ultra sound tests showed that she had another baby boy.
she is going to give birth to her 4th baby boy.
i believe there are certain things that god deals with himself.
then he leaves the rest for us to deal with.
to me, every human's life is limited in some way.
so the question seems strange.
i stood silent for a minute and looked at his huge bookshelf.
i usually win races against my brothers, so i collected almost 200 rupees from the bets.
she started arguments with my mother, again.
i left quickly and went to our room.
they believed that he listens to the wishes and fulfill them.
father believed that pir saeen, to whom aunty fariha went, was not the true saint.
father believed that saen shah was the true saint, so he sent mother to shah's shrine.
as father saw them going, he asked my mother to get ready to go to the shrine of saen shah.
pinkey went with mother, and the other children went with their parents.
he took a knife and started to peel potatoes.
i wonder what those so-called religious scholars would say if i asked them questions such as, "is it easier for boys to follow islamic customs than girls?" or "why are the rules for boys and girls different?"
every human's life and knowledge is limited.
perhaps, azeem was also unable to figure out reality.
i thought about the philosophy that azeem held, and somehow it was giving me confidence to fight for my rights.
aman wadi was very happy to know that aunty fariha was pregnant again, and that her ultrasound tests showed that she had a baby boy again.
i had often won the races with my brothers, so from the bets, i had collected almost 200 rupees.
they believed he listens to their wishes and fulfills them.
do you know the fashion entertainment show kansai collection, which is the most famous fashion show??
i work in sales.
every day, i raise money from companies to open the show.
companies can gain pr from the show.
since i ate paella for dinner last night, i still had a smell of garlic in my breath.
i tried to drink a lot of hot tea and brush my teeth carefully to reduce the garlic odor.
aman wadi was very happy to know that aunty fariha was pregnant again, and that her ultra-sound test confirmed that she was having another baby boy.
while they were talking i went to azeem.
and some he leaves up to us.
they believed that he listens to wishes and fulfills them.
as father saw them going, he asked my mother to prepare to go to the shrine of saen shah.
pinkey went with mother, and the other children went with their parents.
you'd ask for education from a dead person!
your arguments are valid.
i feel that our elders have resigned themselves to hopeless submission.
the lifespan and retention of knowledge for every human being is limited.
perhaps, azeem was also unable to figure out what was reality.
my mind was unable to understand the ideas he proposed.
they believed that he was making it all up.
and i returned to japan last saturday.
but i don't have english skills, especially in speaking, so i could not communicate with my business partner in english.
i decided to improve my english skills.
this is the reason i decided to restart this website, lang-8.
in cambodia, i was surprised that many japanese are here for sightseeing and business.
and there are many japanese restaurants.
japanese foods tasted very good.
submission to an international conference
it will be held this summer in korea.
it's my first time submiting my work to an international conference, one which is being held abroad.
it's my first trip abroad in 18 years.
the last conference i participated in that was held abroad was in 2000, in france.
however, the operations manager of that nursing home izzy nichols said pole dancing had already received positive response from the community, and people who thought pole dancing was dirty should get their minds out of gutter.
the nursing home will hold more pole dancing performances in the future.
he had a quarrel with his girlfriend.
he had trouble.
he said that she didn't apologize to him.
usually, he doesn't apologize.
he dislike to do it, but he is timid.
also he loves her so much, so he wants me to help him.
i'm not good at treating such issues.
i wonder if he will apologize to her again.
also, i majored in english literature at my graduate university, and i have been learning english so far.
i am especially good at reading and listening to english.
i am interested in working in a job relating to state-of-the-art technology, arts, precious assets and so on.
i am highly motivated to fill the challenge of your clerical position, where i believe these skills and experience of mine will contribute greatly.
a stage which may have an adjustable proscenium arch, illuminated by footlights at the bottom and front lights from above fixed in place by brackets.
before the curtain rises, the stage is closed by another curtain, which is raised at the end of each act.
between the stage and auditorium may be an orchestra pit.
i have been cooking myself ever since i started living alone and lost 5kg through japanese style dishes.
moreover, i can eat some of my disliked foods now.
good evening!
i ate grasshoppers cooked in soy sauce the first time.
they looked creepy but, they were delicious!
they were expensive so, if i buy them next time, i will buy them canned.
i ate grasshoppers cooked in soy sauce for the first time.
they looks creepy, but they were delicious!
they were expensive, so i'll buy canned ones.
"we need to hand in our contract as soon as possible."
the sound of the waves which roll onto the sand relaxes you.
and if you are tired, you can just walk around the beach.
yes, his parents are particularly glad of that when it comes to healthcare.
on the 26th of january 2018, we were at the aforementioned address, in order to delivery the parcel but it was impossible to contact you so we left a note
we don't have any telephone number for you.
we have kept the parcel at our company headquarters for a month, and due to our company rules, we'll must return the parcel next week, until then, you still can pick it up according to the customer support timetable.
yours sincerely,
for instance, when foreign living creatures are brought to a new country, the creatures will replace the original species living in the country.
second, it is because some kind of native food may disappear.
food is an important part of culture.
and the food prices will be unreliable.
besides, because of the widespread use of the internet, rumors are also easy to spread, so people may buy food above their needs being influenced by the rumors on the internet.
pyeonchang olympics is finally over.
i barely watch tv, but i watched a lot during the olympics.
norway was the country that got the most medals.
norway got 39 medals in total.
maybe northern countries have the advantage in winter events.
i got a cold, so i took today off.
i have a low fever, but my voice is not gone, my nose is not stuffed up.
i have nothing to do,so i wrote 3 english journal entries today.
the pictures on the left and right show a place before and after we worked there.
the picture in the middle shows members of my group having a rest.
the grass was so dry that we cut and carried it easily.
i was surprised it was chilly, since japan is still warm then.
the autumn leaves were so beautiful.
summer is also a good season to go.
does life-long learning have value?
i think that life-long learning is valuable.
one can find new things through life-long learning.
given that we are all mortal, and that it can take a long time to learn something, we must commit much of our lives to learning if we are to be successful at life.
in conclusion, i believe that there is value in life-long learning.
i sometimes meet people who ask me if we can change our plans after we already committed to them.
i think that if the plans are far in the future, it's ok.
for example:
"can we change our plans from 10:00 to 15:00?
are you alright with that?"
i always want to say,
first, you should explain the reason why you need to change the plan.
most of them tend to not explain the reason.
i think if the favor is from one of my close friends, i can deal with that because this is what i think.
"we have been friends for a long time; i know sometimes these kinds of things happen."
if i were them, i would try to keep my promises...
going shopping in a store is better than shopping online.
my purpose is to tell you that going shopping in a store is better than shopping online.
first, when you go shopping in a store, you can watch, smell, use and feel the item that you want to buy.
second, shopping on the internet is hard for you to control.
third, if you go shopping in a store, you have to go outside.
when you go outside, you can widen your view greater than before.
i'd like to suggest a movie for you to watch.
so it is now showing.
the movie was hit in america from the beginning.
the movie received numerous film awards.
i was very moved by it.
first, it's a musical film.
second, this is an impressive movie.
third, the story makes you happy.
first, it's is a musical film.
its music is very good.
and the actors are famous singers,
such as rebecca ferguson, keala settle.
second, it's an impressive movie.
the story is about the opening of circus.
i like aquariums better.
second, he is good at singing songs from musicals.
third, his sword fighting is beautiful.
he came onto the scene with his debut work.
he appeared in a musical this summer and sang solo songs.
lastly, i spoke about his sword fighting ability.
his decisive footwork is very dynamic.
we all knew it's wrong, but could do nothing.
our mouth and eyes have been taped, preventing us from crying for help.
next morning, i had sense of incongruity after i washed my face.
when i looked at myself in the mirror, i noticed that my face had become red.
"what's this?"
"umm, it might be due to water," she said.
"well, i can't wash my face."
well, an extravagant person," she said with a laugh.
my skin is more sensitive than delicate.
it seemed that turkish water didn't match my skin.
after breakfast, she told me,
"i don't want go anywhere. i want to be here and talk with you."
i went there to meet my friend. i just wanted to confirm that she was doing well.
she can't bear to see me, so she picked up some suitalbe famous tourist spots for me.
you know a lot about it."
i have knowledge, but i'm not interested.
"what is the place for?"
does it smell like feet?"
"huh?"
according to her, when she entered the mosque for the first time with her husband, he said, "this stinks of feet".
the mosque is a very holy place for muslims, so they must take off their shoes in the place.
therefore, the mosque has filled with the smell of feet.
i thought that if muslims had heard what he said, they would have gotten angry.
however, when i entered that mosque, i understood his feeling.
that was true! it smelled like feet!!
when i saw a mirror, i noticed that my face became red.
"umm, it might be due to the water" she told me.
what an extravagant person!" she said so with laugh.
"where do you want to go?"
"i know it. it is said to be the most beautiful mosque in the world and a world heritage site, isn't it?"
"what kind of place is that?"
"the place where the foots smell."
next morning, i felt something strange after i washing my face.
my skin is sensitive.
after breakfast, she asked me
"i know this place. it's supposed to be the most beautiful mosque in the world and a world heritage site, isn't it?"
i know a lot about it, but i'm not interested.
so the mosque has smells like feet.
however, when i entered that mosque, i understood what he said.
it's true! it smelt like feet!
the next morning, something felt wrong after i washed my face.
when i looked in the mirror, i noticed that my face had become red.
"umm, it might be due to the water," she told me.
what an extravagant person!" she said with a laugh.
it seemed that turkish water didn't agree with my skin.
after breakfast, she asked me, "where do you want to go?"
my purpose was to meet my friend. i just wanted to confirm that she was doing well.
"i know it. it is the most beautiful mosque in the world, and it's a world heritage site too, isn't it?"
"the place that smells like feet."
i have jumped at the chance to improve my english.
i used lang-8 for several years but then i decided to delete my account as my plans for the future changed.
unfortunately i can't study japanese anymore because i have a very little time.
if you are an acquaintance of x, please introduce her to me.
i can see the end of winter coming.i can see the light at the end of the winter tunnel.
i checked  weather reports from previous years.
i can see that the end of winter is near.
i checked the recent weather.
i can see the light at the end of the tunnel. winter is almost over.
i checked the past weather reports.
okay, a knight comes to a bridge, and under the bridge, lives a troll.
the troll, a clean-living one, waits for wanderers and assaults them.
the horse can speak and it speaks to the knight those things that usually an inner voice does.
all the other trolls have moved to towns for work and yea, some of them have become respectable businesspeople.
what could the honest generous knight do in this situation?
i can say it is generic for modern literacy to upend things.
i read one or two pages a day and sometimes i left the book for a long time.
i hope that if i start it now, it will take less time than two years.
the book is about hand tools for woodworking.
the horse can speak, and it says to the knight those things that usually the inner voice says.
i hope that if i started it now, it would take less than two years.
the book tells about hand tools for woodworking.
when somebody kills your mood, the first thing to do is to observe them carefully.
when someone hurts your feelings, the first thing to do is to observe them carefully.
before the curtains rise, the stage is closed with a curtain, which is raised at the end of each act.
when i was a senior at high school, classes finished at 11 p.m. after classes have ended, i would go back home with four friends on foot.
there was a place at which they always smoked on the way home.
they would buy some juices and wooden chopsticks at the supermarket, before they smoked.
they smokedwith wooden chopsticks and then drank the juices.
when i was a senior in high school, classes finished at 11 p.m. i went back home with four friends on foot.
they used to buy some juice and wooden chopsticks at the supermarket, before they smoked.
they smoked the cigarettes with wooden chopsticks and then drank the juice.
i have a pc but it has a lot of problems.
it is so old that i can only use it for 1 hour without charging.
it won't make any sound.
it's always noisy.
i can not connect a mouse to it.
and lastly, i can only boot it about 10% of the time because of fan error.
today it took more than 10 minutes to boot!
i can no longer stand it.
but i don't know about pcs at all and have little money.
i watched a video that said the sales of expensive home appliances are increasing.
these appliances have functions that can reduce the time it takes for household chores for working women.
the video introduced the following: a robot cleaner, a dishwasher, a highly functional microwave oven that cost double than regular one, and a washing machine where we can set tasks via smart phone.
in general, working women in japan have to do all the household chores after work.
it is a burden for them to do chores after work.
therefore, it makes sense that sophisticated appliances would be a real help to them.
in my case, although i don't work every day, my husband is against sharing chores.
i use the website nhk world to study english.
nhk world is a japanese news website written in english.
generally, this is for english speakers who live in japan.
i can easily understand it because i read the news first in a japanese newspaper.
we had yakiniku two days in a row.
i want to know what it is called in english.
i made them based on this recipe:
it was difficult to make the tortillas completely round.
i cooked a pot full of chili beans, too.
the reason i chose tortillas is as follows:
but, these freshly grilled tortillas were soft and tasted good.
i cooked a full pot of chili beans, too.
before one of my acquaintances went to england, a magazine company told him "as i will introduce a famous fortune teller to you, could you consult with her about the future of the japanese imperial family?"
he said that the old woman obviously looks like a witch and ended up saying "the guardian spirit behind your mother is very good."
i am deeply interested in the international cooperation position offered at your company.
graduated in 2016 with double-degree in chemical engineering and political science, i had always aspired to experience and become part of the dynamic world of international cooperation industry.
during my internship, i had many chances to experience and see mongolia's health sectoral problems, and that led me to apply for your organization.
it's great news that the russian hockey team has won first place in the olympic games!
when i watched the game i was sad for germany, but second place is a good result too!
you might want to listen to some after this speech.
the sizes vary in this order from smallest to largest: violin, viola, cello, contrabass.
except for the cello, we usually stand while playing.
we can play the cello while sitting.
the sound that people feel comfortable is in this range.
i decided to read it because it was recommended on a blog that was introducing books for web designers.
even though i've been in canada for three years, my english is still low-level and i need to do something about this.
after two hours i'm still looking up those words' meaning.
it's like a small-sized motivational book.
as i was reading the book, i wrote down a lot of words that i didn't know or wanted to memorize.
after two hours, i'm still looking up the meaning of those words.
8 as for fashion's influence, i suppose that...
9 people usually judge you by your appearance on your 1st meeting
people collect various things they want to keep to remind themselves about a place where they were or maybe they want to have the biggest collection.
8 as for the influence of fashion, i suppose that...
9 people usually your appearance at the first meeting
people collect various things because they want memories of the places where they have been or want to have the biggest collection.
9 people usually judge you by your appearance at the 1st meeting
i work as an office manager.
what does your husband do?
my husband works as a full-time engineer in an organization.
a japanese restaurant from la replied to me.
i applied there because they said that they would sponsor my working visa.
the owner told me via email that he wants to give me a one-week trial term. i can work for him as long as i can go there on my own and stay for 10 days.
i've never worked in the service industry before and i need to ask about my compensation.
the japanese restaurant in la replied to me.
i applied there because they said that they would support my working visa.
the owner told me in an email that he wants to give me a one-week trial and i can work for him as long as i can get there on my own and stay for 10 days.
i've never worked in food service before but it's time to think about it seriously and ask about the minimum salary.
nevertheless, we have to accept that sometimes life isn't about only loving that person, but about looking forward and to keep going.
not forgetting what happened between us, so i learned from it.
i have a habit of drinking coffee in the morning, but i don't drink coffee today because i have a meeting.
some people who join the meeting don't like the smell of coffee.
yesterday, i had insomnia and could not fall asleep quickly and there was nothing i could do but to toss and turn in bed.
but luckily i listened to a song that was soothing and fell asleep quickly.
i got up late this morning and the melody of the song stayed stuck in my head.
it was really soothing and i could not help myself learning it.
i would like to search for a new home because i will change jobs in april.
now it takes about fifty minutes door to door by yamanote line.
how long does it take for you to get to work?
how long does it take to get to your workplace?
how do you get to work?
how would you like to go to work?
i would like to search for a new home because i have a new workplace that i will start working at in april.
the ideal time from my home to the workplace is about twenty or twenty five minutes by train.
now it takes about fifty minutes by the yamanote line, as well as some walking to the workplace in kyobashi.
sometimes it takes approximately one hour, which is too long of a commute.
yesterday, i went to kyoto with my family on the train.
we visited renge oin, a temple which is popular for having a thousand and one buddha statues.
my husband visited it for the first time and applauded the sight of statues.
he was surprisingly preachy and my husband tried to change the topic.
his speech went on for so long that we fell asleep in the taxi.
in kyoto, a taxi driver might be surprisingly preachy.
we visited renge oin, a temple which is popular for its thousand and one buddha statues.
my son and i like this temple because the view of numerous statues is surprising and a masterpiece.
i spent a lot of time at a store that sold tableware, because the area is famous for kiyomizuyaki, gorgeous earthenware.
my daughter and husband spent a long time at a food shop and my son was pretty interested in a store for japanese swords, though they were just fake ones.
he remembered the taste and keep asking me to take him to kyoto or buy it for him online.
when we transferred from koudai temple to kyoto railway museum, we got into a taxi, which is very rare for us.
maybe kyoto specializes in preachy taxi drivers.
i completed reading an interesting book yesterday.
i was excited when i was reading it.
the book told me how to use words to be successful.
the direct effect us lot of energy to action positively therefore we can use it more carefully.
if i use a negative word, it goes failed.
it reminded me of how to use positive words.
who are you?
she works in an office for microsoft.
i have some questions about "what if an imaginary situation is something mixing up different times?"
for example, when i want to talk about something happening in the past of an imaginary situation.
you recognize her because you "have been" to a coffee shop and "seen" her sitting beside the window the previous day.
then, you guys chat and have a good time.
do you ask for her number?
did you ask for her number?"
ps: by the way, since talking about the plot of a book, movie, or video can mix tenses like this to convey a better picture of what the plot is about, i think talking about something imaginary probably follows the same rules.
comment: i cannot discern how the "correction" above differs from the original. the sentence-level grammar is fine. personally, however, i think you can delete this sentence.
more formally: let me offer two examples of sentences with multiple time frames.
suggestion: combine the next 3 sentences into 1 sentence like this - the first example uses the present tense to describe an imaginary situation in which i am talking with a friend.
one more choice - this is what i say to my friend:
comment: the sentence-level grammar is fine in the correction above, but i am unsure who "you guys" refers to.
comment: to me, both the original and the correction above seem possible. what is interesting is that young people today in japan will ask for a line address rather than a phone number. young people are more apt to *text* potential partners instead of speaking to them.
more formally - here is what i say to my friend:
comment: it would be best to combine the next 2 sentences into 1 sentence. while walking along a street, you met a beautiful woman whom you had seen yesterday.
comment: in formal grammar the past perfect is fine. in american english, the past perfect is often reduced to the simple past. this is one example of a linguistic change that has occurred over the last 150 years.
it seemed like she was the right one for you.
comment: i suppose both the original and the correction above are possible.
comment: the sentence above is fine. the answer is yes - your corrected examples are fine. this gets deep into linguistic theory and the notion of "linguistic deep structures." although i studied linguistics in graduate school, it was not my forte.
thank you for helping me study english.
when i returned, i tried to make contact with you.
if i did something wrong, please let me know. i will correct it.
yesterday i found japanese plum blossoms blooming in the park.
they are of various colors such as white, light pink and vivid red.
but i prefer japanese plum blossoms, because i feel that they have more modest tones than cherry blossoms.
the dignified blooming flowers in the cold wind are stunning.
i feel that this winter might be colder than other years.
they are like dignified flowers blooming in the cold wind and are stunning.
yesterday i learned that the japanese plum blossoms started blooming in the park.
the colors are various, such as white, light pink and vivid red.
the think the dignified blooming flowers in the cold wind are stunning.
i feel like this winter might be colder than usual.
it was a business trip to join the oracle's annual it convention held there.
apart from businesses, i was quite impressed by several things because, course, it's my first time to be out of japan.
they say "seeing is believing" and that was true.
one time, even on the street, a local who walked beside me abruptly asked me, "whereon earth did those people appear from?", because the downtown of san francisco seemed to be unusually crowded by the participants of the event that week.
i went to pusan to buy books.
i didn't matter when i lived in seoul.
i just finished my first reading in the book store.
i could not send my regards to my friends because i had to hurry to leave so that i could take my sat.
i hope you guys take care and i see you again soon.
okonomiyaki made by my mother is made from a commercially available okonomiyaki flour, and baked it after mixing with meat, cabbage,dried small shrimp and so on.
nevertheless, it isn't good, though it's edible.
under no circumstances should i tell this to anybody.
it is natural that the taste of a home-cooked meal varies from home to home, isn't it?
my daughter is one year old.
she walked ten steps today.
i am surprised to see her grow so fast.
and, i want to be speaking english, before she learns to speak japanese.
i look forward to having fun watching my daughter grow.
there was a chance to test drive the skis at the tokura ski area yesterday.
they were the upcoming models.
i want to ride them.
yesterday i cooked japanese food and ate it with my friend.
for him, i thought that japanese food would taste weak.
the day before yesterday, i went to a cooking school.
i cooked karaage, potato salad and hijiki-no-nitsuke.
there was a large amount.
i had satisfying days of cooking this weekend.
the cause of procrastination is having an expectation which is too high or even unrealistic.
if the current task is to walk across a 10-meter long wooden bridge, anyone could walk across it easily if the bridge were laid on ground.
but having an unrealistic expectation is like putting this bridge between two high towers, which will make people be afraid of failure and even success...
he got it from a member of the community when he went on a bus trip with them last weekend.
my husband hadn't known that somebody on the bus had caught the flu, so i shouldn't blame my husband.
after he came back home, he said he felt a chill in his back and asked my son and me whether it was warm enough in the living room.
he went to see the doctor on thursday, which means that i spent three days being exposed to the flu virus without any protection.
on friday evening i had a sore throat and a headache, so i went to see the doctor on saturday morning.
at the front desk a nurse asked me about my symptoms and i said, "i have a sore throat, a headache and a cough, but i don't have a fever."
when i measured my temperature in the clinic it was 37.8 degrees.
i didn`t really feel that bad even though my temperature was around 37.5.
i got treated for the flu and came back home.
on saturday morning i did a lot of cleaning.
from saturday evening to last night i had a high fever that was on and off.
it wasn't too serious, so i was okay, but the saddest thing was that i couldn't attend my grandson's one-year-old birthday party yesterday.
according to my husband, looking at me through my son's smartphone screen sitting on the shelf, my daughter said, "mom looks like a portrait of a deceased person."
"yeah, it seems so!" her daughter agreed.
i need to rest some more.
please take care not to catch the flu or a cold.
according to my husband, looking at me in my son's smartphone screen sitting on the shelf, my daughter said, "mom looks like a portrait of a deceased person."
i will try writing something in english every day.
after the exam, they will be on a long summer vacation.
after that, i'm going to go back to japan temporally for about one month.
ok.
i'm already satisfied with writing in english today.
wow today is really like a spring day.
i thought over my studies.
i might change how i study.
i should have some time to study english and i need to focus it on it.
this information will help you how to choose glasses or contact lens.
because they are not put directly in the eyeballs.
this information will help you choose between glasses and contact lens.
i mean they are not put directly on the eye.
dear all,
i wanted to send them my regards.
you will need to know this because they won the championship the past two years in succession.
maybe you've heard about it since they won the championship for the past two years.
first, why are they unbeatable?
i wrote the entry that typing with a mobile phone is a difficulty for me and one of my friends told me that autocorrect is useful.
i understood that japanese mobile phones have only japanese autocorrect.
i understand that i should not be lazy with checking things.
sparring partners do not compete against each other based on their strength.
it is difficult to learn something by yourself.
if there are many people who are learning the same thing, you also would be able to learn it well.
please do not forget to be a good partner.
n', but it also has ballads like 'road to nowhere', in which he sings about the past and future of his career as a musician.
the guitar of zakk wylde also makes this album attractive.
"no more tears"
one of my favorite albums is ozzy osbourne's "no more tears."
for example, it has some aggressive songs like 'mr tinkertrain' and 's.i.n."
while it also has ballads like "road to nowhere," in which he seems to reflect about on the past and future of his career as a musician.
zakk wyld's guitar playing also makes this album great.
his playing is powerful, and his guitar's screaming sounds match ozzy's voice on every song.
could you correct these sentences?
hi, i'm misaki.
i live in a place close to the beautiful sea.
my hobbies are drawing sketches, reading books and comics, making japanese paper masks, etc.
i have started learning english again recently.
it's hard to learn english, but i'm going to study hard from now on.
seems like i am always getting stuck by something unimportant.
and i always think about something long forgotten by others.
everyone does have their own pain.
today i am gonna translate another poem of hai sang.
making me think of it lifelong
missing the infinite length of that moment
i saw that the moon was nice, like how at that moment i saw you
i'm not a digital native, and in those days i used to read audio mags with abundant ads of technics record players,sanui tape decks,sony amplifiers and a bunch of other analog equipment, dreaming of the day i grow up and afford to have them all to myself.
however, now the good old days of all that old analog equipment have passed and, it's just not as satisfying as it used to be.
although i could just get any type of digital audio format, mobile or not, at a reasonable price these days, that also provides reasonably good sound quality, i am just not satisfied with it and i don't know why.
i'm not a digital native, and in those days i used to read audio mags with abundant ads of technics record players, sanui tape decks, sony amplifiers, and many other analog equipment, dreaming of the day i grow up and afford to have them all to myself.
nowadays there are many studies and research fields with focuses on history.
i am convinced that history is a discipline that has a great number of important approaches.
they have the wrong idea that the past has already happened and studying past events is useless.
history teaches us about the way the world works and it helps us to understand people and societies.
we can learn some lessons from the past that could help us to not make the same mistakes because past events shape the actions to come.
in addition, everyday there are new discoveries from the past that help us to complete the puzzle of who we are.
i had some free time last saturday.
i took my daughter to the doctor after giving my wife a ride to the station nearby our house.
we had delicious food and returned to our house.
she fell asleep just after we arrived at our house.
she usually takes a nap for about two hours a day.
at that time, my smartphone vibrated.
he asked me for some advice about the design of his house.
since i have built my own house before and am currently live in that house now, he asked me for some advice since he is going to build his house soon.
after i answered his questions, i told him and another friend how things are going.
we often share our recent situation each other.
since one of them has gotten mentally sick before, he gave me some serious advice.
he strongly recommended that i get counseling when i recognize something is wrong with me physically, such as when i can't sleep or if i have a headache while heading toward work.
i promised that i'll get it checked out if i recognize something wrong.
i thought about that even while i spent time with my family.
i thought that the harder i worked, the happier i would become.
unless i do what i truly want to do, i might never become happy regardless of my salary.
if i change my job, my salary might become low, and that might bother my family.
after this speech, you might understand his charm points.
he won the grand prize at a contest.
for example, he won a prize at a snowboarding competition.
first, this movie is musical, so the soundtrack is very good.
i recommend you go see it.
all the music of this movie is very good.
the actors are famous singers.
this story is nonfiction, and is set at the opening of circus history.
according to the weather forecast, it will rain today, but the sun is coming out now!
the size gets bigger in this order, violin, viola, cello, and contrabass.
we usually have to stand when we play these three musical instrument except for the cello.
but only the cello can be played while sitting.
but cello is played in this range!
after this speech you might like japan a little more than before.
in the air up above the ground level, your sense of taste differs due to the low pressur and dry atmosphere.
finally, heston invited the skeptic chef to a specially equipped room, and the stubborn chef conceded at last.
in the final scene of the documentary, the ba passengers to whom heston's food were served seemed very excited and satisfied.
i enjoyed watching alpine skiing at the 2018 winter olympics, but alpine skiing is not so popular in japan.
what is the most popular winter sport in your country?
travelers can save their money and also know real life through staying local home.
especially there are a lot of empty rooms in tokyo is due to the decreasing number of people.
for example, my friend lady invited me to a restaurant for my birthday, so i wore a new, red dress and an expensive purse, and left at 6:00 p.m. because i needed to arrive at the restaurant at 7:00 p.m.
i arrived late because the traffic was very difficult. my friend was very hungry and angry with me, so i apologized to her, then we enjoyed the dinner. but when we left two men robbed us; it was a rainy friday night.
lady and i were very upset, so i called the police and they found the thieves and they recovered our things. we were very happy about that.
i won't forget that day.
the 2018 winter olympics finished yesterday.
two weeks flew by fast.
thanks for olympic excitement.
this translates to "taipei in chinese territory", but there is no such land or country name.
in 2020, taiwan will participate as "taiwan" and the national flag will be able to be shown as "taiwan flag".
q.
only my wallet shrank down, and my belly swelled up.
when i was hanging the laundry, there was a fat cat in the garden.
if i build core muscles, i should be healthier and able to play the ocarina better.
i knew our ocarina instructor sometimes wears them and walks in them to his core.
i checked on the internet for them.
they are more expensive than the shoes i usually wear.
there was a big biscuit bottle in the corner of the room, which everyone can eat from freely, and i ate from it occasionally.
when i was preparing to leave my office, i noticed that i felt nauseated.
the reason isn't clear, but i apparently ate more biscuits than usual.
the biscuits might have been dancing in my intestines at that moment.
i hosted a paella party in my house yesterday and invited my coworkers.
i cooked seafood paella and some spanish dishes and they were all well received..
i was able to have an enjoyable time.
i went to yugawara for a company meeting.
i hope summer comes soon.
i hope that summer comes soon.
i want it to be a warm season.
punctuation: titles have no periods at the end - they are not sentences. the dinosaur
comment: the sentence-level grammar is okay, but readers have no idea who "he" refers to.
i read it some years ago, but didn't find it really interesting.
more naturally - one of the reasons i like it is because i am not so fond of standard literature.
so far i have ended up reading a lot of junk literature, especially books that have been written recently.
to me, current literature is not even a shadow of what used to be.
logic: readers might not understand what you mean by "these two types of literature". my guess is you are trying to contrast current literature with the literature of the past.
what i like about "the dinosaur" is its simplicity.
however, the critics praised his stories for their originality.
"the dinosaur" can be interpreted in several ways.
metaphors aside, it could be that the dinosaur represents part of a fictitious world where the man dwells, and when he wakes up he finds that he is still trapped there.
more succinctly - to me, the primary value of this story resides in its oddity.
do you know this story?
i read it a few years ago, but didn't find it really interesting.
i think that the current status of this art is very poor and it's not even a shadow of what used to be.
i am researching this because i want to discover the differences between these two types of literature.
i would love to learn more from experienced teachers.
when school has a parents meeting, they are happy to see me and grateful for teaching their child a skill.
i am a very passionate person and attentive to details.
i think my teaching skills could be stronger.
i have been trying to seize every opportunity i can to improve it.
i really want to get a pgce.
i jumped from his balcony to mine, which is on the 6th floor. if i fall, i'll die. i just took a deep breath and jumped into the room. thankfully i found the key.
i jumped back over the balcony elegantly which my buddy admired in surprise.
then i used the key to open the door to my home. on second thought, ah, why did i have to take a risk to jump back!?
for this reason, they prefer not to share their books with anyone.
i respect these people, but for me it's different.
i mean, i never shared my books with anyone, or i only gave them to those people who i trusted and wrote their names and the name of every book in my notebook.
before every new year, i check my shelf book and give all books that i don't need to everyone who wants to read them.
i felt that he was not so skilled, because he hurt me a few times.
i kind of wanted to make a complaint about him and wished by doing so he would have his salary cut.
today i had my hair cut.
the barber started cutting my hair and without washing my hair first.
on the day before yesterday, four of us in my class went to the ganga ghats to do a homework assignment.
varanasi has 88 ghats, and each student was given a task to write about two of the ghats.
we took photos and collected some information about the ghats.
today, i printed those pictures and tomorrow i am preparing a file for them.
before going away, i will hand it to my friend neha to have it submitted to the teacher for me.
after that, i will be going back to college only from the 16th of march.
i will depart for bodhgaya first. then i'm going to attend spring teaching in sarnath.
in between, i will sometimes post entries if some new thoughts or events occur.
after returning from the ganga ghats that day, i had an excruciating headache.
going out into the traffic and hot sun is exhausting actually.
after holi, the heat will increase rapidly.
it will burn down the earth and everything in it.
and once a week on sundays i have a bath.
b: yes, i like mornings, because it is the start of a new good day!
today is a sunday, a lazy sunday. i woke up at 9:30 a.m. when i woke up, my head become so heavy. so, i had four glasses of warm water and then went to the toilet.
after freshening up, i had my breakfast and started washing some of my clothes.
after i completed all of my work, i went to the roof and sat with a glass of whisky. it was amazing i felt so relaxed staring at a place while sipping from my pack.
the time of my execution had come, but the preparations didn't seem to be ready.
my neck, meanwhile, was waiting for the fall of the guillotine hanging before my eyes.
on my right, two men were having a seemingly friendly conversation.
one of them was not content having to work just before lunch.
besides, one always needs a bit of rest after work like that.
"i get home, and while i am eating, the only thing i can see is the last corpse's afterimage!" he said.
then, he looked at me with a somewhat mean gaze, as if saying that i was not worth it to be in the imagination of anybody.
"i understand you," he said.
they had probably laid me in a bad position on that bed, and that led to a very painful backache that was continuously growing.
in the sky, the sun had reached its maximum brightness, and it was unbearably hot.
"good!
this can finally start," one of them said.
i saw a parade in chinatown in yokohama yesterday.
i was so impressed at the performances of children who attend schools in chinatown.
i think many of them are chinese or overseas chinese.
they probably learn about their tradition from them.
there are such problems as nuclear pollution, waste in rivers, throwing trash on the street.
there is a lot of trash in the streets 5.
if we don't take care of our planet, we will end up killing ourselves.
there are such problems as nuclear pollution, water pollution and littering.
there is a lot of waste on the streets 5.
i live in vienna, austria and i study foreign languages.
i speak russian, german, and a little bit of polish and italian.
olga from belarus
this morning to attend the toeic test on time.
there was a heavy rain while i was going out.
i really wanted to go home and change my sneakers to slippers then, but i didn't, because it seemed it wasn't appropriate.
it was very distracting and uncomfortable during the entire test.
i didn't finish the reading parts. i felt very sleepy after listening to 100 questions, so i think i should get more practice concentrating for such long time.
it is very tiring chasing high scores sometimes.
i set an alarm at 8 am
there was heavy rain while i was going out.
i didn't finish the reading parts, i felt very sleepy after listening to 100 questions, i think i should get more practice being concentrated for such long time.
i anticipate that the score won't be very pretty this time.
i think i need to make changes.
when you get used to a certain way of life your life is predictable, and you want to keep it under your control.
to make changes means to lose control.
what can be more scary than that?
sometimes it seems to me that energy i could direct into positive changes in my life i waste on doubts, fears, and useless thoughts.
i think i need to make some changes.
when you get used to a certain way of life, your life is predictable and you think you are keeping it under your control.
sometimes it seems to me that the energy i could direct to positive changes in my life i waste on doubts, fears and useless thoughts.
when you get used to a certain way of life, your life is predictable, and you try to keep it under your control.
sometimes it seems to me that i could direct the energy that i waste on doubts, fears and useless thoughts to positive changes in my life.
however, i sometimes wonder why i should work everyday away from whom i love.
i worked for the entire lunar new year holiday in korea.
so my company compensated me for it, and gave me extra vacation days.
i am staying at home and pigging out every day.
i am studying english, but at a slow pace.
ah- living at a slow pace is very wonderful and precious.
i hope i can live like this after retirement.
i worked for the entire holiday, the lunar new year's day in korea.
so my company compensated me for it by giving me an extra vacation day.
haha
i sleep more than 12 hours every day.
but when i go to the clothing shop, lately, i tend to choose a purple clothes.
then i realized i was middle aged.
with a phone, we can enjoy music everywhere, and we can know everything around the world in time.
everything seems to be very convenient, but soon a phenomenon appears: more and more people are becoming addicted to their mobile phones.
it is just the phone that causes the embarrassment.
the phone shortens the distance between someone around the world but lengthens the distance between the man who is the closest person to the woman.
in summary, with the more rational use of the phone, instead of being addicted to it, we will witness the better service the phone can provide for us.
as i have had my id stolen while buying something online, i am deeply concerned about this issue.
otherwise, they are unlikey to know what to do, thus allowing thieves to make money easily.
secondly, the police should be in a good position to be able to solve internet crime.
since it is quite different from conventional crime, they need to hire experts who can use their skills to outmanoeuvre criminals.
it is necessary that this is done as soon as possible.
thirdly, it is necessary to introduce legislation to protect consumers online, since current laws are not adequate.
the government can force internet providers to comply with such rules.
otherwise, i am afraid that they might prioritize profits.
in conclusion, i would suggest three measures to tackle rapidly increasing levels of internet crime, as i've outlined above.
unfortunately, the police is not currently able to tackle cybercrime.
when i called them, they dismissed my case.
they are not taking the necessary actions to deal with such criminals.
this morning, i sat down in the bathtub which was filled with water hotter than usual to make my body heat up.
during the time i was thinking about expressing my next action in english, as i talked to myself, because i wanted to figure out the feeling of "was gonna".
it turned out that i was kind of being boiled in there.
however, i never realized that was the first misstep i had taken.
a few weeks after arguing with him, i realized i had nowhere else to get books from.
i tried to go through my favorite books, but eventually got bored of them.
so i decided to do the only thing that came to mind.
i picked up my favorite books, put on a small back pack and departed to find one of those libraries he had talked to me about.
i put on skin cream after baths.
it is getting warmer and warmer, so i don't feel itchy on my body.
after taking a bath, i've been putting skin cream on my body this winter.
this morning it snowed, but now it has stopped.
he is cooking a home-made pizza.
after dinner i'll play with my one year old niece who i love; she's stolen my heart.
recently, i have rediscovered the joy of coloring books.
later i drew and made artwork of my brother and cousins, just because i liked it.
i even think i got into makeup, not to be prettier, but to play with different shades of colors.
it feels a little silly to write but i think this could be part of my weekly routine so that i don't get crazy about what life can throw at you sometimes.
laura's apartment is great, super comfortable, cozy and well located.
our stay was lovely whether we were sitting on the balcony, cooking or watching a movie.
by the way, laura has a big movie collection that was very useful to us because we forgot the hdmi cable to connect our laptops to the tv.
we couldn't meet laura but instead met her mother, monica.
airbnb feedback
she was a great host and made us feel welcome.
i've been spending more time with my family on the weekends lately.
before, i wanted to go out and have fun with my family, but, now, i try to avoid making plans as much as possible.
thanks to this, my husband can relax at home. however, i think my son is getting out of shape.
i think he has been watching tv and playing on his phone too much.
i might have to take him outside. to be honest, i want to take some time off from being a parent once in a while.
so enjoy your life!
nowadays, anything you want to tell your country or community or even the whole world about, you can share in different easy ways.
firstly, we are living in a time of an overwhelming progress of technology, you can share any idea, picture, video about anything in any country by using free social media and mostly your post will spread simply.
for example, my friend did a nice project about medicine done by doing a lot of research in our country, so he used facebook, snapchat, and instagram to share his project and gave many glimpses and hints to attract the audience to find out more about this project.
his project took two months to spread across the country, and he has received various benefits and been rewarded by our king of our country.
they advertised this investment in all types of announcement, like posts on facebook, posters in the streets and near the public buildings, announcements in radio and television, advertisements in different websites on the internet, and in the end, everyone i met knew and talked about these malls, or wanted to go and try their services.
but the other day i watched a youtube video of a conference in which he spoke and thought i recognized him.
today, i went to tokyo and also went to a shrine where there are lots of toy cats!
from tiny ones to huge ones!
today, i went to tokyo and i also visited a shrine where there are lots of toy cats!
there are many different sizes of cats.
the video that you were watching made you fall off your bed.
that kind of pizza is my go-to whenever i order one.
a day as a tourist guide
i have been watching bo burnham clips and there is a line in his song 'art is dead' i find really confusing:
english learning age is getting younger and younger...
the venue of the eiken japanese english proficiency test was mostly occupied mostly by children with their guardians.
i realized that the age to learn english is getting younger and younger.
i'm determined to take the 1st grade eiken!
today's subject is games.
qquestion: would you like to play a computer game?
answer: yes, i would like to play a computer game.
answer: i not like to play a computer game.
question: do you like to play computer games?
answer: yes, i like to play computer games.
answer: no, i do not like to play computer games.
question: did you like to play computer games?
answer: yes, i liked to play computer games.
aanswer: no, i did not like to play computer games.
it is an amazing place with so many strange things.
for example, it took 2 hours to travel just 5km from dong xuan market back to my hotel. it was terrible.
this is an amazing place with so many strange things.
for example, it took 2 hours to travel just 5 km from dong xuan market back my hotel; it was that terrible.
they said that they're going to cut off all communication with the media.
the file was emailed to you two days ago.
what song are you referring to?
you have to be able to build a fire in foul weather, pitch a tent, read a map, navigate by the stars, know the local flora and fauna, and, in particular, be familiar with the local predators and poisonous plants.
well, i knew a lot of cool stuff from books, but my practical experience was limited to a few outings in peri-urban castrated forests, with heavy backpacks full of food, guitars, playing cards, and other useless doodahs.
strangely, we could survive without alcohol or cigarettes, and as for charming girls in reasonably tight sports pants, well, they accompanied us only for the sake of inspiration.
jack london, my greatest inspiration, wrote about people like us very clearly: there are certain kinds of people who confuse their urban sentimentality and overactive imagination with the true sense of adventure.
those people make overambitious plans, buy expensive equipment, and deliberately ignore every single piece of advice given to them by experienced travelers.
so, being a weekend warrior and a reckless couch climber, i possessed all those sins except, maybe, only one: i did listen carefully to experienced hikers.
i had to go down a dirt road a quarter of a mile or so and then turn left.
it was mid-spring, and the forest was dull and scarce in color.
it would take time before pines and other trees got their brand-new green robes and the forest glades became flooded with brightly colored wildflowers.
you can find a surprisingly wide variety of flowering plants in the taiga forests, especially in late spring, but the only true king of siberian spring blossoms is, undoubtedly, his majesty bagulnik.
its scrubby bushes, dotted with countless tiny flowers and rosemary-like leaves are distant relatives of heather and are quite common in the northern forests.
whole fields of it, as well as single bushes, can be found in almost every corner of siberia.
in the mid-early spring when the taiga forest, bleak and hungry, wakes up from its winter drowsiness, whole fields of it paint cliffs and forest valleys in a bright pink color.
i dare say that this spectacle is in no way less fascinating than cherry blossoms.
basically, there are two types of taiga forest: light and dark.
but if on your way fir branches slap you in the face, beware -- this path has been trodden by beasts.
go back and find a more suitable path.
you might have heard about all kinds of dangers that wait for the man in the siberian taiga forest.
in real life, however, this happens only on extremely rare occasions.
the exception to this rule is the time when those dangerous beasts are looking for a partner or fostering their kids.
but there are two highly dangerous things you have a good chance of encountering in the taiga forest.
in order to protect yourself from these creatures you need special clothes, a mosquito net, and repellent.
one of the reasons why i chose mid-spring for my adventure was to avoid dealing with those tiny devils and hit the road before they hatch out.
the second deadly enemy of a traveler in the siberian woods is the low temperature.
i mean just low a temperature, like 5-10 c above zero, especially in windy weather.
and if you want to really be a smart ass, take a pocket survival kit with you too.
the foreigner has a hard time renting a room in japan.
this japanese law protects tenant carefully.
because the house owner lets leases carefully.
for example, it is very difficult to evict a tenant.
because so house owner sorts lessee carefully.because of that, house owners sort lessee carefully.
this is also a pleasure.
a thin coffin
but he thought the coffin was thin and he wasn't very pleased with it.
his request was that when the coffin was returned, the coffin needed to be thicker by one inch.
but one day, his house caught fire, and the coffin was burned.
after he removed the scorched part, the coffin became as thin as it was in the beginning.
she got married to a dancer who was three years younger than her in 2007, and then divorced him in 2012.
she looked back on the reason why she divorced, and thought, "money was one of our major problems."
the topic was brought up by a news article, and one of the readers quoted an ancient philosopher's saying:
today was the opening season of j league
i'm happybecause the team of my hometown won.
at the office.
today we are having a lot of downtime.
it's true.
why do you think this is happening?"
"i have no idea at all."
"we have a lot of downtime today."
"we sure are.
why do you think that is?"
i really regret paying the expensive lesson fee.
i was told that i could practice speaking for over half of the class time but it never seems like it.
the school is more expensive than any other english school.
i have 35 classes remaining.
yesterday, i took my family to visit a very old community in taiwan.
it has many old buildings and beautiful landscapes.
although some have been in a bad condition for a long time, others were still in good condition.
they made me feel as if i had slipped back in time fifty years ago.
they were built with local red soil and dried rice plants mixed together.
i presented her with a fancy cake which i bought at the cake shop close to my house.
i reserved it four days beforehand, and i went to collect it with my daughter during the afternoon.
when i got home and presented it to her, she said, "oh, you don't have to worry about my birthday".
anyway, i was very delightful to see her happy.
oh, do you remember the old place off broadway?
oh, those were the days, i wanna hold your man.
on behalf of the british public.
yer blues, john,,,,,,,,,,
i've suffered a lot lately and unfortunately everyone i thought was my friend has just disappeared.
when i was young, i visited there to ski.
it is a good location surrounded by nature and wonderful snow.
if i had a lot of money, i would buy a holiday home in nz.
i know that other countrys such as switzerland had already banning the purchase of foreign homes by the time i had heard this news.
i feel a little sad, but nz government has to protect their people too.
scientists announced last monday that they have mapped the complete genome of a vampire bat for the first time and found that certain dna characteristics enable it to thrive on a diet of only blood, which provides unbalanced nutrition and also exposes the animal to diseases.
the common vampire bat and the other two types of vampire bats, which are the hairy-legged vampire bat and the white-winged vampire bat, are the only mammals in the world that survive on an exclusive diet of blood.
the common vampire bat is a nocturnal, cave-dwelling animal of mexico, central america, and south america that lives on the blood of livestock like horses and cattle.
does anyone remember that time?
i have a toothache today.
it is very painful and i want to go a dentist.
it hurts a lot and i want to go a dentist.
however, i don't have the money now.
however, when i consider how often people stereotype one another based on their gender, nationality, race, or religion; i feel sad.
a lot of categories are used to define people especially when people are met for the first time.
such generalizations are used because putting people into a certain category, which is used to predict their behavior and ways of thinking, is easier.
the inside of greenhouse was warm, just as i expected.
the strawberries, which were sour and sweet, had a taste of spring.
but,it really tasted and smelled like a peach.
spring hasn't come yet, but i can taste summer.
i had a good day.
i lost my work.
last night i was at home and i had just finished my work on my computer.
and just as i was checking it over to see if i missed something or not before saving, the power turned off.
i backed up my work several times, but i still lost some of it towards the end.
i was so frustrated and drained. it set me back by almost a day.
the colors of the world seem for them quite all right.
they must be convinced that something is wrong with their perception.
i was given a five-page photocopy from my english teacher.
since my classmate and teacher recommended this story, i read it.
my classmates are suffering from weak eyesights.
he was given a tiny souvenir from her and brought it to his home.
at home, he gave it to his wife and told her the entire story.
as she opened it, there were many demons out of it and she immediately ran away.
finally she changed her mind, and she and her husband kept their precious life.
we enjoyed the fish and conversation.
with this treaty, rome didn't consider the land of the tribe as a roman colony but in exchange when rome needed soldiers the tribes should provide them.
at the third century, rome signed this treaty with the german tribes who lived close to the border of the roman empire.
the german people became an important part of the roman army in exchange of food and money.
but the roman economy deteriorated during the fourth and fifth centuries.
rome couldn't pay the salaries of the "federati" so rome decided to pay them in land.
the visigoths signed this treaty with rome in 376, rome accepted them as a "federati" and allowed them to establish themselves close to the river danube.
two years later the visigoths rebelled against rome and defeated the roman army in the adrianapolis battle.
this defeat meant for rome a high economic loss that forced rome to reduce its army and increase its reliance on the "federati".
the west roman empire started to decrease with the new treaties signed with the germans to increase its army.
the visigoths signed a new treaty with rome in 418, establishing the seed of the visigoth kingdom.
the visigoth kingdom extended from current spain to the south of france.
when the news of the deposition of the last roman emperor arrived at the visigoth king teodorico i, he decided that the treaty signed with rome on 418 was over and declared the independence of the visigoth kingdom.
the supermarket which is close to my house and my favourite will be closed next tuesday.
i was really shocked and sad when i heard about it a few months ago.
i have no idea why they're closing their shutters.
still, there were plenty of fresh vegetables and meat, but not snacks and breads.
the flier said that the store will have a big sale on tuesday.
i like buying things at reasonable prices, but not this time.
my husband asked me to go up with him on a snowy mountain for a few hours to take pictures of a steam locomotive.
so i waited for him in the kushiro wetland visitors center for three hours.
i wanted to talk with my internet friend so,
i mainly spent the time in my car.
while i talking with my chinese friend on my mobile phone in the car, an elderly woman, who was parked next to me, suddenly opened my passenger door.
she shouted me.
i wonder if i should have replied to her in chinese.
it was really annoying me.
she is very straightforward woman who says what is on her mind.
it was a shocking experience to me.
i didn't need to force the notes in order for them to come out.
here's the link to my soundcloud account.
i hope you like them!
this afternoon, when i was singing songs as usual, i suddenly felt like singing was a lot easier than it used to be.
i didn't need to force the notes to come out.
i think i still lack power in my voice, but i was so happy that i could sing so easily.
some companies and local governments started to use easy japanese language for foreign people.
i will write the main three points.
needless to say, japanese people should use easy japanese expressions with foreign people.
however, i am afraid that the japanese language itself would be watered down.
japanese people possibly will avoid using honorifics and prefer easy expressions, even when they're not talking with foreign people.
i will add a link to an article about the easy japanese language.
needless to say, japanese people should use easy japanese expressions to foreign people.
japanese people will possibly avoid using honorifics and prefer simple expressions, even when they're not talking with foreign people.
some companies and local governments have started to use easy japanese language to foreign people.
in order to communicate smoothly, japanese people have to keep some points in mind.
i will write about the main three points.
however, i am afraid that the japanese language itself could be watered down.
they should've gone in and taken down the killer.
they should've gone in and taken out the killer.
does sentence "b" mean to kill the threat?
do sentences "a" and "b" mean to kill the threat?
i bought a hand cream and two rags today.
the woman who called the fbi happened to know that he was a troubled person.
the woman who called the fbi knew that he was a troubled person.
nobody liked how the movie started off or how it ended.
the trip to that town would have been fun, like an excursion, if it hadn't been a business trip.
the flower on my left shoulder was given to me by my mother.
i would have asked him if he really liked that singer if the situation was different.
his taste seemed to be from the first decade of this century.
even if it had worked, i wouldn't have been able to use it for that.
his face looked like he didn't believe that.
he showed me which app i should use to find the right the moment.
at the wing of the stage, there was no heating, but when i played hikaru utada as he had asked, i was already sweating.
i should have thought "it's easy, i can do it".
it played only a few seconds, but i was sure that all the people in the gymnasium had heard.
i didn't know why, but when i had to play the canon by johann pachelbel, the clever machine was tuned to a local fm radio programme.
fortunately, after my first mistake, i turned down the volume to zero after every mission, so it didn't actually play in whole the gymnasium yet.
maybe i made an impression as a stupid new teacher who played the national anthem at a wrong time, not by not wearing a necklace.
this weekend i went to the main campus in aioi for a graduation ceremony.
i am a teacher, so it was for an assignment.
the journey there would have been fun, like an excursion, if it hadn't been a business trip.
i am new, so i hadn't been given any extra assignments before my arrival.
however, the organiser had decided to give me a task which seemed easy.
he took me to the wing of the stage in the gymnasium.
it was the type that could play cassette tapes and cds, and also function as a radio.
he asked me to play the first song by hikaru utada at 12:55:30 on the dot, so that he could announce the beginning of the ceremony at 1:00.
he appeared to be a very punctual person.
i would have liked to ask him if he would really have liked that singer if that hadn't been the case.
his musical taste seemed twenty years out of date.
but i couldn't be that rude.
but he just asked me why i didn't have a watch with a second hand.
i tried to convince him by saying that i could use my cell phone for that.
after he left, i asked another teacher who also had an iphone for help.
he showed me which app i should use to get the precise time.
there was no heating in the stage wings, but by the time i played hikaru utada as he had requested, i was already sweating.
i should have felt like, "it's easy, i can do it," but i didn't.
my finger pushed the button and played the japanese national anthem before he announced it.
the song starts with a low note, but everyone knows it and because of the olympics
it has been played more often than usual on the news.
it only played for a few seconds, but i was sure that all the people in the gymnasium heard it.
by now i was sweating all over.
both i and the old cd player were stupid.
i didn't know why, but when i played the canon in d by johann pachelbel, the clever machine was tuned to a local fm radio programme.
fortunately, after my first mistake, i turned the volume down to zero after every song, so it didn't actually fill the whole gymnasium with sound that time.
i apologised to the organiser after the ceremony had finished.
my boss said that i would be standing in the hall as one of their teachers next year.
i sincerely hope so.
this weekend i went to the main campus in aioi for a graduation ceremony
it was not until i arrived at the school that i noticed that i had forgotten my pearl necklace.
you might take it as trivial, but i didn't want to make such a mistake that the other female teachers would insult me after that.
the flower neatly placed on my left shoulder was given to me by my mother.
however, the organiser had decided to give me an assignment which seemed easy.
i would have wanted to ask him if he had really liked that singer, under any other circumstances
his face was telling that he probably wouldn't believe that.
at the wing of the stage, there was no heating, but when i played hikaru utada as he had asked, i had already started to sweat
it played for only a few seconds, but i was sure that all the people in the gymnasium could heard it
i apologised to the organiser after the ceremony was done.
i hope it will come true.
when i hear the story of how they approached to speak english or how to study other languages, i think i can try harder.
sometimes there is a person who likes to gossip.
for a long time in japan, it was a taboo to confess one's love, except on this day accompanied by chocolate.
this year, it became a big topic of advertising by a confectionery maker of belgium: godiva japan.
i am ready to lay out my vision and life goals, but i cannot articulate the reasons quite yet.
the main character of "anpanman" has a human body and bread for a head.
i think it's a strange story, but this anime is one of the most famous in japan.
i have experience in identifying problems quickly and resolving them strategically.
as a marketing assistant in cass marketing on a university campus, i was responsible for planning and promoting brands and installing application campus to students.
i also chose products that students were most interested in and i carried these products directly to attract students.
as well as this experience, i worked a variety of events including a music festival and sports event.
after i received clients' complaints and handled them, i learned how to solve problems wisely and cooperated well with others.
i know this position should act as a bridge between the customer and advertiser.
with this combination of skills, i'm confident i'd make a great fit for this position.
in accordance with your schedule, i will arrange a time to talk with you more about this position.
i wanted to use skype last week, but the pc's built-in camera did not work.
unfortunately, my one-year guarantee for free repairs expired just a few weeks ago.
i don't want to pay such an amount for repairing.
so i ordered an external web camera from amazon.
i hope it will work.
when i have a day off, i always go work out at todoroki stadium.
it's really cheap to use, only 330 yen, which includes bath and sauna.
this is one of my ways to relax and get rid of a stress.
i like watching american tv dramas, snowboarding, and taking part in music festivals.
could "galia counted the men passed out on the various pieces of..." be rewritten as "galia counted the men who passed out on the various pieces of..."
"galia counted the men who had passed out on the various pieces of..."?
two days ago, my mother, who lives alone, called me and told that she wanted me to come to her house.
when i arrived at her house, she was cooking a lot of dumplings, which contained chopped cabbage and minced pork.
after that, i took my mother to my father's graveyard.
it seemed to be tough for her to find and get a chance to buy such things because she is old and her leg is painful.
i have to visit my mother at least once a month in the future.
after that, i took my mother to visit my father's grave.
it was the first time in a month that i had been to visit my father's grave.
after that, we went to a do-it-yourself store to buy a tap for the bathtub.
it is the latest book in a series which has continued for over 20 years.
i will read the series from the beginning again.
can you translate the expression " collateral beauty" into japanese?
recently, i watched a movie titled: collateral beauty.
this is the story.
the main character has lost his daughter.
at first, he can't accept this loss, then gradually he does.
and, eventually, he notices a little happiness in his life.
by the way, i have a question?
i don't understand the meaning of "collateral".
i noticed that the japanese translator had many difficulties.
i watched the movie "collateral beauty".
the main character lost his daughter.
he finds happiness in the end.
by the way, i have a question.
in japan, college students have a long spring vacation.
mine started on february 8th and will end on april 9th.
when they're on vacation, people often get lazy, and i'm no exception.
i don't like wasting my time, so i frequently watch videos about successful people to motivate myself.
for example, today i watched a video about a certain marathon runnner.
that's how i know he is an extremely hard worker and he inspires me.
in the video, they work very hard or train very intensively, but perhaps they're usually lazy, like me.
i don't want to know the truth because i want them to be my heroes forever.
i couldn't believe that i worked overtime on the very first working day of the year of the dog!
it was a really bad start.
the rehearsal took much longer than we expected.
and since ours is the last to perform, the expectation is higher.
it was really a bad start.
she's the boss, so we had no choice but to modify details, tolerating hunger.
i have my own business with an income of more than $1,000 per month and labor hours of less than 3 hours per day.
i bought a two-way bag that i can use as a backpack and a club bag.
we call a club bag a boston bag in japan.
when people sold club bags, they called them boston bags because a student from boston used them.
we call a club bag a "boston bag" in japan.
why do you think we call it that?
when people sell club bags, they call them boston bags because students from boston used them.
the prefecture where i live is divided into 3 main areas, the sea side, the mountain side and the center, and there are various attractions, including cherry blossoms, swimming, climbing, skiing, etc, so we can enjoy it in every season.
in particular, our sake won the gold prize for five consective years from 2013 to 2017 in a nationwide contest.
i hope it will win the gold prize this year too.
and has lived in japan for about 40 years.
he retires this month and goes back to his country.
i'm interested in costa rica because it's famous for having no armed forces.
there are three people in my family: my mom, dad and me.
my dad is 63 years old this year and he is from tokyo.
he has been working only for a financial institute for over 40 years since he graduated from a university.
my mom is 59 years old this year and is from the rural area of ibaraki prefecture near tokyo.
she is also working for a financial institute.
i have 2 male and 1 female cousin all are unmarried.
our relatives are very worried about us.
after i get married, i would like to have two children because i am an only child.
above all that, i would like to return my parents back more early.
i was working in san ramon today and i met a lot of new people.
i was there from 1 `o clock this afternoon.
there are many fancy houses in san ramon and i bet they are ridiculously expensive.
people from different parts of the city drive through there: to and from work.
the price of the house in which i live is also high, but not as high as those in palo alto.
the reason i can afford to live where i am is because i share it with my family.
english, on the other hand, focuses on the loop of the words, as if they were wrapping around the text field or display.
it seems computing words have lovely gaps to learn languages.
if i'm correct, i have discovered a new invaluable resource to improve my understanding of english.
at an english conversation club
i have been irritated every time i join a beginner level conversation in an english club.
i understand they can't speak english well, that's why they are beginner.
but i don't like that they don't try to not use japanese.
i think we pay money for talking in english but they make atmosphere into one where we speak japanese in english club and it's normal.
i think it is disrespectful to other participants.
i had to stay at the airport because of a flight cancelation to kobe.
my friend who took part in the same congress had waited with me too because of a flight cancelation, and complained that he was wasting his time at that airport.
but i was working in the daytime and the city office was not near to my office.
if i could change it on the website or on a smartphone, i would be happy.
a famous doctor of robotics thinks he finally succeeded to make the best human-type robot of his career.
he orders the robot for a glass of beer, then the robot immediately brings it to him.
"the doctor's right, this is a really superb robot," he is pleased and expects wonderful holidays before him.
however, in a few days, the robot ceases to function all of a sudden.
it doesn't function even though he shouts orders at it, bangs and shakes it.
the doctor says contently, "the product has been perfectly functioning according to the specification.
a robot which never stops or malfunctions will make humans unhealthy and metabolic.
he makes a presentation to mr. n, who is a positive candidate for the 1st user of this product.
this robot can do anything and is the best robot for humans," he says.
mr. n goes to the villa alone.
he starts to feel giddy, thinking that he doesn't have to either read letters or receive calls while he's here.
he orders the robot get him a glass of beer, then the robot immediately brings it to him.
it does everything for him, including making meals for him and cleaning.
"the doctor's right, this is really superb robot," he is pleased and expects wonderful holidays to come.
it doesn't function even though he shouts orders at it, banging and shaking it.
"it seems like it is out of order," he gives up and makes a meal for himself.
a month later, mr. n returns to the doctor's place and demands his money back because the robot is defective.
i might be taking the first step for learning metacognition.
undeserved confidence might be followed by failure; similarly, baseless optimism could bring about a hopeless future.
obviously i've considered it a western food.
a wikipedia page taught me the difference.
i still don't understand.
yesterday, i watched the pyeongchang olympic winter games on tv.
the japanese women's curling team won the bronze medal.
this is the first time japan has won a medal for curling at the olympics.
the book of mormon is a broadway musical.
a sightseeing bus ran swinging left and right on the icy road.
then i thought to myself that i can not live in a snowy county like hokkaido.
you can obviously see who wins in a competition where athletes compete based on time, but a competition where judges decide an athlete's score are unclear.
in figure skating, only chinese judges gave a high score for chinese performances.
if it were me, i would get off the car i was in and get on the next one.
- when do you take down a christmas tree?
so, i take it down at the end of january.
in the evening i went to see the live performance of my favourite musician with my friend.
we got front row seats in the hall.
her performance was very emotional and exciting. we had a good time.
an interesting funeral custom
it might be inappropriate to describe a funeral as interesting, but i hadn't seen it before even though i have been living in the same prefecture and it aroused my interest.
although it's been a while since they started to say that japan entered the stage of an aged society, the departed lived quite long.
first, her family members and relatives wrapped lots of small denomination coins one by one with colorful origami, then put the coins into a big basket which was woven so roughly that it even had some holes.
do you guys have any special funeral customs where you live?
please park your car over there.
you can leave your baggage at the counter.
do you need to change?
ok! please follow me to the changing room.
after you change, please have a seat in the lobby.
this year destined to be a lonely one
after i came back home from thailand, a friend of mine asked me if i am needing to meet some friends?
i said e no one to meet.
but i am not really feel sorrowful about that.
maybe i am getting old or just because i've already accepted the reality.
everything in my life should be let be.
no compulsion, no contention.
i'd like to make some plans for my study.
but i am not eager for quick results and quick gains.
instead, i want to learn step by step.
btw, thanks for everyone who has helped me.
in another way, learning means being lonely.
after i came back home from thailand, a friend of mine asked me if i need to meet some friends.
i said there was no one to meet.
but i don't really feel sad about that.
maybe i am getting old or maybe because i've already accepted the reality.
everything in my life should be left as it is.
when in my country is voting time and poland has to choose politicians who will be ruling the country we see promotions everywhere.
they tell us that they will improve the entire country very fast and will provide a better life here.
very often most of these things are impossible so how we can believe them?
i hate war, i hate hatred and i prefer to solve the case in a more calm way.
that person should talk with other countries, not use violence.
all of the world and the people who are living here need to be more calm and understanding.
"bradman was just as effective in england as he was in australia, and as a 21-year-old on the 1930 tour for the famous ashes trophy, he scored 974 runs at an average of 139 point 14, with two double centuries and a triple, his then-world record 334 at leeds."
"he would have averaged 100 in tests had it not been for the supreme irony of scoring nought in his final test match, at the oval in london in august, 1948, within a few days of his 40th birthday."
a quiet man, he has allowed his bike riding to do his talking.
i'm get happy when i feel sunlight.
i'm thinking about my plan to plant lots of vegetables.
i made an impulsive purchase because i was attracted by a tiger printed on the powder foundation.
i work as a web designer, and designwebsites which introduces or recommends a variety of products.
i deal with various industries.
sometime i design websites for plastic surgery.
after i design a website i test it to see if i can improve it.
one of the top priorities is to make sure it shows up on the top of google when people search for it.
next, after users enter the website, they are directed to the page with the products that are being introduced.
i have never been to guam, singapore and vali, and i want to go to britain and the united states and more.
after all, i like travel and want to see many beautiful scenery.
japanese people want to know, because they believe they can't talk properly without the knowledge of the other's age.
at the very least, you must use the polite expressions when you talk to a person older than you, even by just one year.
however, when i talk in english, i feel super-free because i don't have to care about the age of the person i'm talking to, even though i struggle to make sentences.
japanese people tend to ask others about his or her age. or japanese people tend to ask others about their age.
however, when i talk in english, i feel super comfortable because i don't have to care about the age of the person i'm talking to, even though i struggle to make sentences. or...the age of the person i'm talking to, even if i struggle with making sentences.
i can still remember how happy we were together.
i am representing my firm, forthright consulting, to support the marine harvest and heitsuk nation proposal.
as per your council committee's request, i have researched and analyzed the development of a new fish farm in your territory.
in this report, i have included the potential benefits and possible risks of fish farms and working with the norwegian company marine harvest.
i believe that the development of the new fish farm is a sustainable project and brings economic benefits to your nations.
section 1 provides an introduction to the current status.
section 2 includes researches about the pros and cons of the fish farming, the current challenges of your nation, and fish farming operations worldwide.
section 3 examines the achievable practice? and the case study of the klemtu nation, which has made a protocol agreement with marine harvest.
we believe the maximization of the profits for your nation and the mitigation of concerns regarding a new fish farm are key for this project.
we will strive to establish a good relationship between you and marine harvest, and produce the best outcome for both parties.
thank you for entrusting me and forthright consulting with the opportunity to collaborate with your nation.
the establishment of a new fish farm is not the easy decision to make.
, yet we would like to help with your decision as much as we can.
please feel free to reach out to me anytime if you have any further questions about the report.
i just got out of the gym, and i'm on my way home.
i'm worn out and super hungry, so i'm thinking if i should get something to eat.
by the way, i got my haircut yesterday.
my bangs were getting in the way, and the back was annoying.
my hair was a total mess, so i made an appointment at the hair salon, and luckily i found one available right away.
the hairstylist was not bad; i felt good while i was getting my hair cut.
we entered a magnificent labyrinth-like brick building.
there are lots of things i want to do." my grand-uncle smiled while watching us.
japanese business people enjoy the binge after work.
the move
my son will be graduating college in march, and in april will begin working in tokyo.
he needs to move closer to his job at the end of february for a few reasons, so in a couple of days, i'm going to the countryside where he lives to help him move.
when he moved to his current apartment four years ago, i drove his things over.
my mother-in-law really likes cooking and giving people food.
anyway, i'm really looking forward to seeing if he kept the apartment clean or not.
i hope that it's not too tough to clean his place.
a foreign tourist gets lost in ginza city, japan.
aki is a japanese volunteer and speaks to him to help him.
it takes about 2 minutes to walk from here to ginza station.
go straight on this street to the traffic light.
you may not find it interesting, but i would like to talk about buoyancy in animals, since i have to do some work for the university on this topic.
on the other hand, buoyancy is crucial for those animals, like planktonic copepods, that can't swim.
they are unable to swim because of viscosity, which is the same drag force that other bigger animals face, but affects them much stronger.
there are various strategies animals do to deal with viscosity.
this vessicle can retain gases of the circulatory system, and make them less dense.
in swimming animals, the main advantage of buoyancy is to help them to move horizontally.
seals with thick layers of fat under their skin have been found to swim faster compared to other seals with less layers of fat.
i was chosen for next contestant because the 1st winner declined the right.
nobody expected me.
it was not good but i am satisfied.
i participated in a speech contest.
we can go to the contest until 2nd winners.i don't understand
one of the club asked a person expected from everyone, "are you available next contest day".i don't understand
of course he said nothing to me.
anyway i did my best.
my contents is good but the style of speaking isn't good.
i won 3rd place.
i was chosen as the next contestant because the 1st winner declined to speak.
we can go to the contest until 2nd winners.
i'm a bad speaker in the club.
nobody expected me to do well.
one of the club members asked a person, "are you available on the next contest day?"
of course he said me nothing.
anyway, i did my best.
it was not good but i was satisfied.
my content is good but my speaking style isn't good.
"t, why don't you wear glasses in public?"
i guess i just don't like looking at the people in london.
some even show their buttcracks when they bend down, which completely redefined the word hirsute.
christ on a bike.
some sniff their own smelly armpits.
some even show their buttcracks when they bend down, which completely redefines the word hirsute.
but recently, i think that keeping myself busy is better than having nothing to do.
no woman will ever find it anything more than inappropriate and disgraceful.
you are twenty-three today, i bet that in ten years you will barely be twenty-four!
please, keep in mind she is my mother and, if for no other reason, you owe her the same respect and consideration
as i was isolated at that time, i wanted a friend.
i gave him a name: "sora".
every day, he flew more than one hour in the sky.
we were best friends to each other.
on my 20th birthday, she died.
it is very unfortunate that they are often hated in western countries.
e-bikes are normally heavier than other types of bikes that don't have a battery, so e-bikes might get flat tires more easily.
i often check whether or not there's enough air in my tires to not get a flat.
i inflated my tire yesterday.
i had breakfast and a few cups of coffee a little while ago.
i have to go to an annual area general meeting this noon.
probably, it is difficult to learn honorific expressions for most japanese learners.
however, these days, not only have honorific expressions in daily conversations rapidly become simpler and simpler, but also a lot of inadequate expressions have been overlooked or unnoticed.
for another example, the other day, i happened to watch a rerun of a historical play, which was first broadcast more than 30 years ago.
honorific expressions of japanese are a treasure for me.
i'm worrying that japanese people might unwittingly almost extinguish them.
learning honorific expressions is probably difficult for most students of japanese.
however, these days, not only have honorific expressions in daily conversation been becoming simpler and simpler, but also a lot of unsatisfactory expressions are being overlooked or unnoticed.
i'm worrying that japanese people might unwittingly allow them to go extinct.
i watch english lessons on youtube every day.
writing is the most difficult part of learning english.
so, i've been putting off writing journals.
i should try not putting them off.
all of the curling athletes are beautiful.
it's not just their faces that are beautiful, they have beautiful sportsmanship as well.
i love to eat a ramen, or japanese noodles.
it has four kind of flavors: miso, shoyu, tonkotsu, and shio.
i'm big on the tonkotsu, so everytime i eat ramen, it's always the tonkotu.
my favorite ramen restaurant is at my home town.
i always go their whenever i have my day off.
fukuoka-ken, one of the japanese prefectures, is famous for ramen. there are a lot of districts there that are packed with ramen shops.
since my ex girlfriend lived there, i used to go and meet her on weekends while we were together.
after we broke up, i never had the chance to visit, so i wish i could go this year.
the fountain pen
i don't have a pelikan yet, so i've always imagined about how wonderful they are.
a few days ago, i found a pelikan pen that is from the '50s. it is old, beautiful, and practical, and it even costs less than other, similar pelikan pens.
however, i can't decide if i should buy the pen or not because i bought a montblanc quite recently, so i have to save money.
do you wanna end the class at 9:30 or do you wanna have a full 30 minute lesson for today?
today my family enjoyed a masafumi akikawa concert in the afternoon.
it was a concert full of efforts to please the audience by giving a pleasant and plain lecture about classical music and making great performance of italian songs and japanese popular songs, etc.
because it was a small hall, we were able to see his facial expression clearly from our seats at the back and feel the stage was close enough.
why do you think people attend college or university?
here are three reasons to support my idea.
first, students in college can learn a variety of things not accessible to those who are not in college.
they can learn a large number of things which would help with their future job and make more money.
in my case, i majored in engineering at my university.
i learned many types of things there and that are helping me to this day.
my major was mechanical engineering, especially in metal cutting.
my job is shaping metal so i have to know the particular details on how to cut metal.
when i first started my job, i understood it very easily because it was what my major was in.
as a result, i got promoted faster and earned more money than my coworkers because of this advantage.
it is clear that the knowledge that i got at university along with my major is the reason why i received more money through my career.
second, we can make excellent friends in university.
in general, people in college have a lot of free time in their campus life in my country.
students have the opportunity to meet a large number of people and make friends.
when i was in college, i often hung out with my friends.
we always worked together to pass tests.
i have a strong connection with my friends through my campus life.
a while ago, they helped me with my job.
when i had a trouble with my work, i asked my friend to assist me and they gave me some data and advice.
the data was very useful and the tips solved my problem.
this shows that it is very helpful for our life to have good friends.
therefore, we should join college and get a lot of friends.
third, we can do anything in campus life because there are few restrictions.
i traveled a lot when i was a university student.
i went to other countries and experienced different cultures.
when i went to america, i found there are very big differences and i was very surprised.
in conclusion, i think we should take part in university for these three reasons.
therefore, i agree with this statement.
is this positive thinking?
if any misadventure happened to me, i think i would like that.
i thought about going shopping to buy books.
, however, i will not go out today.
if it was warm, i would go to a bookstore.
therefore, i will watch some movie at home.
if the temperature was good, i would have gone to a bookstore.
later the series was edited as a movie for theaters and premiered in japan and europe.
generally, japanese people, especially little girls, have loved this "anne of green gables" for generations decades ago.
the first japanese version published in japan in 1952, was translated by hanako muraoka.
i think it's interesting that the title contains the color red while the original title has green.
a tv animation series of "anne of green gables" was also made and broadcasted in 1979.
it was originally produced by canadian television as a mini-series, and aired in canada in 1985, then in america in 1986, according to wikipedia.
later the series were edited as a movie for theaters and premiered in japan and europe.series is singular so use wasif you said "episodes in the series" than "were" would be appropriate.
first japanese translation version published in japan in 1952, which was translated by hanako muraoka.
the number of companies that are increasing the retirement age and hiring working mothers is increasing.
therefore, the country is trying to provide subsidies.
one is certified and the other is uncertified.
the amount also varies depending on the region.
in general, the childcare fee is higher for unauthorized nursery schools, but in some cases the educational content of unauthorized nursery schools is better than in authorized schools.
now i know, i've been stuck in '00s so that i am familiar with american sitcom "unbreakable kimmy schmidt".
i've even been relating to a lot of it.
she is me!
now i know, i've been stuck in the early 2000s so i am familiar with the american sitcom "unbreakable kimmy schmidt".
i feel its sympathy.
i am getting married in 2 weeks.
now,i am using my time to prepare.
i need to collect some photos for a profile movie,buy marriage rings....
why did i rub them so much that this occurred?
why does it have to be the left third finger??
anyway,i hope it will heal so my finger will be thinner and i'll be able to wear the special ring at my wedding.
my motivational letter
why did i decide to apply for this program?
i expect to have a lot of interaction with patients and doctors in a foreign language, participation in medical procedures, and also to travel to nearby cities and countries.
summer practice in italy would be a great chance to get an invaluable experience; also it is a unique opportunity to check my skills in situations that i am not already familiar with.
i want to show to my friends or even strangers what a great way it is to improve by getting out of my comfort zone.
it is a self-challenge to prove to everybody that improvement of others is one of the most efficient ways to improve myself.
i am sure i will make significant progress and will also influence the people surrounding me both in italy and in russia.
i would like to mention the skills which make me a good candidate for the position:
i have participated in international olympiads and science fairs.
in high school, i won all-russian and regional olympiads in biology and ecology many times.
at the moment i am engaged in research at the center of obstetrics, gynecology and perinatology named after kulakov v.
during my study at school and university i was seen as a person who maintained good relations with professors and classmates.
at school, i learned to appreciate sound knowledge and the effort needed to acquire it.
throughout my extracurricular activities i learned how to be result-oriented and motivate others.
the purpose of this community is to form a cohesive team of ethical and qualified doctors with highly developed critical thinking.
i am sure that i am ready to take part in this interesting program and will do my best to succeed and make good use of my skills.
this trip will give me the opportunity to broaden my horizons, understand the healthcare system of a european country, and strengthen the knowledge gained during my education in moscow.
i expect a lot of interaction with patients and doctors in a foreign language, participation in medical manipulations, and also travel to nearby cities and countries.
summer practice in italy would be a great chance to get invaluable experience; also it is a unique opportunity to check my skills in situations and an ambience different from the one i have now.
i want to show my friends or even strangers what a great way it is to improve by getting out of your comfort zone.
briefly about myself, i would like to note my important advantages for you.
at the moment i am engaged on research in the kulakov v centre of obstetrics, gynecology and perinatology.
i have always been at the top of academic ratings.
during my study at school and university i have been seen as a person who has maintained good relations with professors and classmates.
at school, i learned to appreciate sound knowledge and the efforts needed to acquire it.
the purpose of this community is to form a cohesive team of highly moral and qualified doctors with developed critical thinking.
in perspective, the development of the field of medicine and health care, as well as medical education in russia.
i am sure that i am ready to take part in this interesting program and will do my best to succeed.
i got 125 points more than when i took the same test 2 weeks ago.
my short term goal is to get 700 points by the end of this month but i couldn't get them.
i still feel motivated though.
i've been studying especially for toeic, i thought i needed to improve my speaking skills at the same time.
one of my co-workers is an old lady in her sixties.
she works in the kitchen, but she comes to the front to check how much tip money we collect every hour.
she never 't asks me to move, just pushes my wrist.
and the previous day she took my lotto ticket to the convenience store to check how much i won.
drunken snowman
we found him lying in front of a liquor store.
he was terribly drunk and sleeping it off.
one of the bottles he finished off was also lying nearby.
i imagine that he hit it when he fell down on the ground.
a bottle was also lying next to him.
can you see pikachu standing on the mini igloo?
my chinese colleague placed it there and took pictures.
i took pictures also.
my chinese colleague put it on the igloo and took pictures.
renewable energy
as time goes by more countries are paying special attention to renewable energies.
epecially, all those countries which h do not have fossil fuel sources.
among, the current renewable energy sources are: wind, sun, water, etc.
nevertheless, the main concern is that they are not their production is not well vestablished i.
thus, dependency e on fossil fuel energies at the moment is total by the moment.
for this reason, many governments, in countries f with no fossil fuels for energy, are focused on the development of renewable energy storage systems.
the establishment of this technology obviously will involve an initial investment, probably an important it investment, but later it will be recovered and additionally, the benefits for our health and that of our descendents will be predictable.
the use of reneweable energy would significantly reduce pollution and with that it, the warming effect that it is provoking very strong changes in the world climate.
yunishikawa onsen is located in tochigi prefecture which is north of tokyo.
it was so cold and the temperature was less than 0 degrees.
a lot of powdered snow had accumulated.
no one would live in such a historical house in japan anymore.
he asked me to have a drink, but i said i don't drink.
i used to get drunk just from a bottle of beer.
it felt terrible, like i had a cold, when i got drunk.
i asked him how much he could drink untill he got drunk.
he saw that i was wearing a white printed shirt.
he suggested that i should wear a white shirt without the print.
he also said that i'm getting fat and should work out more.
because i exercised heavily yesterday, i am not able to workout today. i have pain all over my body.
i wanted to drink liquor, and, fortunately, one of my neighbours offered me a locally made alcohol. however, when i opened the bottle, it was so stinky that i couldn't take even a small sip.
i woke up late.
it was in the afternoon.
lately, i realised how my english abilities were stagnating terribly...
it's because i definitely don't practice enough.
and so i was thinking that a good exercise might be to start translating short passages from a book.
i know that i betrayed you and turned away from you, wandering in the dense sea of falsehood and standing on my back near to infinity.
there is no reason to believe in it.
do you need something else?
i won't ever leave you again.
one week ago, i was in a train to go to the airport.
however that story is from my and my family's life but concerns mainly my grandma.
she was watching some movie but when we came she has to make something to eat for us.
they always have to give some food to us.
my grandma made sandwiches for me and my brother, she gave piece of cake for us and made tea.
we were looking for one hour and finally we found them!
she left them when she was making sandwiches for us.
we wanted to go to the top of the mountain, and we spent around a hour doing it.
my friends said it was so tiring, then they went to sleep so early after they took a shower.
so i focused on two things: the importance of highlighting words and concentrating.
i think highlighting some keywords is a very good way to focus on the details of the content you're about to listen to.
when you start listening to the recording, you will already have a clear idea of the topic and a little bit of background.
concentration is something you should also practice hard and not go nuts after a few minutes.
it's really useful, but i have some concerns.
if a more useful input method were developed, i would do more tasks while commuting.
i start slow and i will do this for maybe 30 minutes a day.
even after i slept for 8 hours at night, i would wake up feeling groggy, tired and wanting to go back to sleep.
this was refreshing and weeks later i felt better.
walking helps me overcome my tiredness.
just because i'm bored today, i want you to put on a fucking costume and bark at everyone who passes by.
they wanna understand why he did what he did.
i was all like, "man, i'm gonna go to the beach so i can freak out everybody with my cellulite."
you should've called them before stopping by their place.
did you have any pen pals before?
however, i have learned japanese for a few years due to the desire to speak to japanese with those who speak it as their mother tongue.
it is because i have lost contact with all my pen pals i have ever had.
note: usually we capitalize the 1st letter of a title - option a: pen palsoption b: pen palsoption c: about pen pals
option a: have you had any pen pals before?option b: have you ever had any pen pals?
option a: at that time, i didn't know any japanese. option b: back then, i hadn't begun my japanese studies. option c: that was before i started studying japanese.
option a: the appearance of the website was the same as before, yet everything there seemed unfamiliar. option b: although the website's appearance was the same as before, everything there now seemed unfamiliar.
do i need comma after suddenly or is it optional?
i am studying english here in chelsea because i think it is important to know about the culture and the language wherever you are living at the moment.
i like to spend my free time at home with my husband, watching tv shows, playing video games, reading books or doing nothing.
ice-cream and chocolate are my favorites.
i only had one day to explore this wonderful city.
and i really want to see it again.
i take a shower and prepare a pre-workout meal.
i wait at least 2 hours for the food to digest. i spend that time reading, studying or watching a tv show.
at the gym i work out for 1 hour.
i divide my training between aerobic training and weight training.
i come back home, take another shower and have a dinner.
during the week i usually drive for uber and lyft, picking up customers through the night until 8 am or 9 am.
i'm one of the caterer staff.
when i finish work, i go home, make my last meal of the day and go to bed.
it's been a while since i wrote something here.
lately i am listening to english on youtube.
if you go to a porn website i guarantee you that you will see something weird like stepmothers or slaves or something.
it takes all kinds.
the idea of someone wanting to have sex with me just because i look like i have jaundice.
and some guys nowadays have a weird sexual obsession with asian women.
it is sunday but i woke up early.
i usually wake up at 6:30on weekdays because of my job, so that's why i wake up at a similar time even at weekends.
i used to stay in bed and watch youtube until lunch.
but i realized it's a waste of time!
today i woke up early as i usually do and went to grocery shop - there were many people and i loved it.
bored as hell and i wanna get ill, so i went to a spot where my homeboys chill.
before i left, i hit the bacardi.
dumb hoe said something that made me mad.
she said something that...
i heard hot had a comeback stage yesterday.
since then, plenty of idols sprouted out and faded away.
so i could not ignore it when i knew they had plans for a concert.
i'm so excited for this.
this guy is just a badass, man.
i'm becoming better at learning the choreography.
that way, i can concentrate on how to look for posing, moving, and the shape of dancing.
i want  my dancing to look so cool.
i want to always be good enough to perform in front of people.
in case you were thinking about a situation that requires you to buy something.
in case you were thinking about a situation that involves you buying something.
in case you were thinking about a situation that involves you buying something.
i didn't think that i will start to study english, because i didn't like studying english.
when i started to study english i thought it's gonna be good, but when i was a student, i didn't really like studying english lol.
but my life has changed because of studying english, so i'm very happy.
i made a friend of an other country.
so i'll do my best to study more english and to make more friends.
i want to make more friends when i'll go to an other country.
ah, the sentences i wrote are not very good haha...
okay, thank you for reading my entry.
i spend a lot of time to learn english, but still can't write an essay over 100 words and describe a picture clearly to others.
i study really hard to remember new words and to learn grammar.
recently, i found a way to solve this situation by applying what i have learned before.
you will have a better recall when using something repeatedly such as your id numbers.
so i will use that knowledge in daily life after learning it.
how have you learned the language?
express your views on the importance and meaning of celebrations at every stage of human life.
young & single
these kinds of people like to mainly spend time alone. so i think that every kind of celebration spent together, without other people, just both of them.
they want to spend celebrations with their children of course and maybe also with grandparents to show young people that family is most important and that every important event should be celebrated in this way.
they could celebrate christmas, name day, and the birthdays of their grandchildren.
for my part, i celebrate christmas time with my family, my own birthday and the birthdays of my the closest family and friends.
sometimes i also celebrate holidays and time when i pass all my exams!
it's interesting that in old movies the credits are at the beginning of the film.
one merchant would come by once every three to four months by himself.
we had contacted each other for the first time when i had asked him if he had any books, and started rambling about my father's ignorance towards books.
he would often tell me stories of the outside world, of other cities and of hidden libraries.
i would always listen to him share the details with me of the how some libraries might be hidden in the most unexpected of places.
once i even decided to talk to him about elina, and he mocked me!
he indeed is a good man, but he has this bad habit of refusing to back down due to pride.
i tried to convince him that she smiled at me, and he still made fun of me.
after marja had written her essay, she examined it thoroughly.
after add had spent all money, he wrote a letter to his parents and asked for some more.
before we made a final decision, we had consulted some experts.
when we arrived at the cinema, the film had already started.
before denis wrote this article, he had studied a lot of documents.
before we watched this film, we had read some reviews for it in all the popular magazines.
paul gave up smoking only after he had fallen seriously ill.
after bett had lost ten kilos, she began to look much younger.
si interested let me know.
if interested let me know.
i go skiing five or six times a year every year.
in this season, i've already went three times.
i want to go skiing next weekend but maybe i won't be able to gather members to go.
the paradox of familiarity and the level of difficulty in describing that person
i just realised that the more you know someone, the more difficult it becomes to describe him or her.
for instance, describing an acquaintance or a colleague at work is quite easy but describing family members or even yourself is so difficult, although objectively you know much more about yourself than about, say, your neighbour.
please help me correct my grammar
natural shell conch craft products, home or car decoration, creative paper towel box, tissue box.
home furnishing creative ornaments.
inspiration: the shell is packed on the beach near my hometown and my family has always instilled a sense of environmental responsibility so i want to use them to decorate the world.
in a very accidental way, my paper box at home began to rot. now, i use shellfish to correct this issue but can also reuse it and it provides a fresh, new style.
warning statements:orcaution statements:
1: shell conch is a natural thing and no two are alike. please mind its natural and unique shape, and pat carefully.
3: coral, tridacna tridacna, gem category decorations, the use of natural materials, individually each may have a small macula flaw, keep this in mind with a careful pat.
4: all pictures for this product may show a little chromatic aberration from the actual product due to different lighting.
thank you all.
it has been very painful for me.
so many happy moments we have... he was so loyal and smart.
he could sit down, shake hands, go prone and play dead on command.
i easily forget things that i just did a second before, like an 80 years old lady.
i have a habit, which is reciting english words everyday.
but these days, i can't remember the words i just learned, like i used to. i think i might get sick, mentally.
the winter vacation passed so quickly.
my dad and mom want me to return home during the lantern festival in five days.
akmat: do you speak english language?
arthur: yes i speak english language.
akmat: arthur speaks english language.
akmat: we speak english language.
me and my friend arthur like to play the computer game world of tanks.
it's a curling game.
i work for a real estate company in tokyo
i want to learn english while writing here about japan's real estate industry and about my favorite books and meals.
the members are in the same society where we did volunteer work when we were university students.
we haven't seen each other for a while, but they haven't changed.
i had a great time there, so i'm hoping to have another get-together again soon.
"how many times have i told you that i don't want to be called mrs b.
i don't know!
"that is it exactly." mrs.
in turn, miss marple raised a doubt in her kind voice.
the garden!" exclaimed the doctor.
"it must be so nice having a garden," the beautiful and young actress jane helier sighed gracefully.
arthur, do you remember the case of clodderham court?
bantry exhaled a deep sigh, convulsively clasped her hands together and her face expressed greatest anguish, and she began to speak in a jerky voice.
everyone was very ill and a girl, sir ambroise's pupil, succumbed to the poison.
"but, my dear friend, that
bantry, his hostess, glanced at him reproachfully.
bantry slammed the catalog of seeds down in front of her on the table.
british airways have had big trouble with the low quality of their meal service for decades.
so the executives asked heston blumenthal, who is a famous chef in the uk, to enhance the meals drastically.
this documentary reminded me of the so-called 'british disease.' the ba executives just waited for the new dishes to come to their table like it was somebody else's job.
also, ba's chief chef wouldn't accept heston's scientific advice that your sense of taste differs between on the ground and in the air.
however, this has been a well-known fact among people in the airline industry for the last twenty years.
i can't let more people die by this sword!
manygintama fans also love this part, because it's so touching.
in order to surpass his lost dad, he always hammered away.
however, deep down they knew that in the end, swords are just assassination tools.
the protagonist defeated the assassin with a sword tetsuko made.
tetsuya: a sword that protects others, huh?
the benizaruka arc is one of my favorite parts of gintama.
it observes and learns from battles, and it gets stronger and stronger through battles.
tetsuya is a swordsmith who thinks about nothing but swordmaking.
in order to get over his late father, he was always hammering away.
he was always compared to his great dad, which made him suffer.
that's right up your alley, tetsuko.
lipstick
i bought a tube of lipstick today.
i bought the previous one about three years ago.
it took a long time to choose it.
i changed my hair style to be very short.
tomorrow i will meet my parents and see what they think.
i like my new hairdo, and i want to keep it short even though they don't like it.
good evening!
my mother bought it over 10 years ago, so it is old.
i can't play beautifully now but i'll practice playing it more!
it is part of tradition for families to get together to have dinner and play games during chinese new year.
they come from different countries and speak different languages.
i have to explain the game rules to them if they don't have this kind of games in their countries.
the 2 of spades is the biggest.
the smallest is the 3 of clubs.
whoever has the 3 of clubs can play the cards first with any kind of card type.
i really like to eat and drink sweet things, bot i know that sweet things are not good for hearth.
that's why i'd like to get rid of my habit of having sweet things.
sometimes i've been trying not to have sweet things but i can't.
when i feeling stress, i especially tend to eat a lot.
i really like to eat and drink sweet stuffs, but i know that they are not good for my health.
that's why i'd like to get rid of this habit.
especially when i am stressed, i tend to eat a lot.
at the restaurant:
"the scheduled event before this wasn't finished on time.
it's unusual for you to be late."
"the event before this wasn't finished on time.
it went 30 minutes over."
for some reason, i feel a little bit well today even though today is monday.
however, i have trouble on deciding whether i will buy textbooks or cds.
i want to improve my pronunciation and listening.
that's why i need some textbooks and cds.
however, i have some textbooks, so i will buy cds for listening and speaking.
it'll improve my english skills.
i'm going to go strawberry picking tomorrow.
in japan, we can pay to eat as many strawberries as we want during strawberry picking time.
the inside is hotter than the outside.
according to a story i read in a book, sunlight is diffusely reflected into the greenhouse.
i'm glad i'll be able to spend tomorrow in a warm place.
i was a lucky man on sunday, because i didn't run into one of my enemies at an international communication association.
so i have disliked him since i met him for the first time. ever since then he has been rude.
i say hello to him!
however, he doesn't say hello back!
i will avoid him as much as i can, but it is difficult.
there was a young couple who were told how to send a package to the netherlands by a postal clerk.
it seemed that it was their first time sending a package overseas, so they struggled to write even the address.
i knew that it was very difficult to translate the name of japanese food into english, especially since we have many japanglish words.
as a volunteer, i sometimes help foreign tourists by telling them how to get to their desired destinations.
i'm 21 years old.
today is my first class after a holiday, the vietnamese lunar new year.
in my country, all students must attend class at 7am.
i'm not good at english, so i came here and wrote what i could write to help myself improve my english level.
i would like to keep practicing every day.
i'll continue to study english steadily.
writing short posts will motivate me, and short posts are easy for you to correct.
this remark made south korean people angry and they thought his attitude was racist.
south korean people have a practice of eating dog meat.
you often get angry with me in a scary voice, so i am often surprised that you get angry in a loud voice.
at that time, how did you feel?
you felt frustration and dissatisfaction to your duty.
i think at the office, you should have a good relationship with other employees.
i am always calm and i give you comfort.
make yourself comfortable as always.
i pray you will get a good personality.
my favorite place, "haast" is full of short trails where you can go to beautiful waterfalls and rivers after just a 5 minutes walk.
walking through the moss green tree tunnel...
you will discover nice hidden places.
it is a huge glacier in the valley of a mountain.
looks small but in reality it was so huge.
we walked a narrow glacier way where only one person could go through.
to walk beside a big crevasse was so exciting but also nerve-racking.
i got my nails done and went shopping in ginza.
i bought some nice spring clothes.
so, i had a break at starbucks and had a new beverage.
when you don't understand what someone is trying to say in conversation, what would you say?
ost japanese students in junior high think that they should use "pardon?" in such situations.
in my opinion, today's schoolgirls have too-striking makeup.
and i often confuse them with the teachers!
relaxing of broomstick
in vietnamese families, broomsticks are used daily for a cleaning up.
during tet holiday also known as lunar new year, however, they are left idle, especially on the first day of the year.
this custom is popular all through vietnam and the origin of this custom came from an interesting fairy tale.
in olden times, there was a woman who was excellent at cooking.
however, she often stole meat and wine for her boyfriend after she was appointed.
once, the ruler of heaven was going to hold a huge party for his subjects.
the feast was prepared quite well by her.
by chance hearing the news, her boyfriend broke into the imperial palace and then ate some of the foods on the sly before the party started without her knowing
the ruler of heaven found out something was wrong with the feast and thus, the manager of the kitchen was summoned.
she told the truth about her boyfriend and the times she stole meat and wine.
she was subjected to a punishment.
he punished her by turning her into a broomstick and made her work and clean the garbage every single day.
many years passed, the broomstick worked very hard.
the ruler of heaven was moved and so he allowed her to take three days off at the beginning of the new year.
the story above explains the reason why vietnamese people do not use broomsticks to clean floors during tet holiday.
they would like to award the broom a break.
even today, when people may use vacuum cleaners for cleaning instead of broomsticks, but they still do not clear out dirt and trash at home on the first day of the year.
moreover, they believe that they don't want to sweep luck and fortune out of the house when the new year has just begun.
this is something about a traditional custom in the lunar new year i wanted to share with you.
what do you think about this custom?
are there any new year customs in your countries?
please share for more information, correct this post and help me.
she has gone out breathe in some cool air
passing this test is useful to prove my english skill as i apply for a job.
i got a score of 890 on the toeic test last year, but eiken grade 1 is challenging for me.
i think i need to practice writing and speaking english more.
i'm considering taking an eiken grade 1 test.
i received a score of 890 on the toeic test last year, but the eiken grade 1 test is very challenging.
hope flared up inside of her.
the police are reviewing complaints because the night club near a high school has become noisy.
my mother divided a big chocolate cake for me and my young sister.
one of my dreams is publishing a book about my opinion.
he revealed that he loved another girl.
i'll attempt to tell him i like him.
that company focuses on making a profit.
i wll find a job in short order.
yesterday, i sent an email in reply to my new colleagues.
best regards,
i was listening to the radio last night and a song started to play.
"jo" means "an area." but since the 1980s or 90s in japan, when the word, "gerende" was somehow introduced, and when ski resort companies used "gerende" to refer to their ski area and advertise it as a place to find new love, people have associated "gerende" with the image of finding love.
so, the japanese word, "gerende" carries all this history and images in itself.
actually, we wanted to play table tennis but we couldn't play because they were all reserved.
first, i took made mistakes.
i did two garter in a row.
i changed my form of throwing and it worked well.
i got a turkey in the second game, so i was satisfied.
some of them asked me where the term turkey comes from.
there are many explanations, one of them is the following explanation.
this is a practice chinese-english translation.
important in surrealism, this art work by ernst has a view of dark late night as the background extending from the top of work to the dawn on the other side.
in the dawn, a girl waving a knife seems to keep the bird in the sky away, and at that moment another girl lies on the ground.
on the bottom right of the work, the artist has nailed some wood in the shape of a house.
a man holding a child standing on the roof tries to run away from something.
does 'handler' refer to 'he' or it's a tool?
"he has proved to be as comfortable climbing as almost anyone, he can ride a time trial, and he is a brilliant descender, technically an almost-flawless bike handler who is even at home on the cobblestone roads that are common in the grand tours."
in any sport and in any walk of life you have people who try to cheat but i think we are ahead of that in most directions now."
a new boy wonder had arrived and britain embraced the lad with the clark kent glasses"
one day tom was at the meeting. the mayor mentioned the decrease in government funding, in part, of city libraries and consequently the need to close some public libraries of the city.
tom was very disturbed and announced at the meeting that he has an idea how to rescue the libraries. city administration should make a new tax for the townspeople.
but the idea was rejected.
the mayor announced that next sunday all books from these libraries will be sold at the book fair, or destroyed after the fair.
i went to work today in spite of my day off and even though it's saturday.
i was alone when i got to my workplace, but after noon, there were more co-workers there than half of my department.
all of them know that they cannot get paid for their work on a day off.
the rest of the negotiation topics are already very advanced.
both parties agree on the creation of two governments: a provisional one in belgium led by puigdemont that is aimed at internationalizing the catalan cause, and the other one in barcelona led by someone else and aimed at starting a constituent process to create the new catalan constitution.
in addition, erc proposes to implement measures to grow social support for independence, which would allow the new administration to take unilateral steps to confront spain in the future.
jxcat filed a proposal to reinstate the deposed government yesterday without reaching an agreement with erc.
it also rejects the repression and direct rule over catalonia carried out by the spanish government over the past few months.
last week, erc refused to support a proposal to amend the presidency law presented by jxcat in order to allow puigdemont to be sworn in as president with sufficient guarantees.
this move, together with other disagreements, was seen as hostile by jxcat, which decided to suspend the negotiations with erc last wednesday.
the jxcat and the erc restarted their negotiations on the formation of a new government yesterday morning.
while the jxcat contends that puigdemont must be able to control the catalan government from brussels, the erc argues that it would lead to a confrontation with the spanish government that they want to prevent by any means.
both parties agree on the creation of two governments, a provisional one in belgium led by puigdemont, aimed at internationalizing the catalan cause, and another one in barcelona, led by someone else, aimed at starting a constituent process to create the new catalan constitution.
in addition, the erc has proposed to implement measures in order grow social support for independence which would allow the new administration to take unilateral steps to confront spain in the future.
the jxcat filed a motion to reinstate the deposed government yesterday without reaching an agreement with the erc.
it also refutes the repression and the direct rule over catalonia carried out by the spanish government over the past few months.
last week, the erc refused to support a proposal to amend the presidency law presented by the jxcat in order to allow puigdemont to swear in as president with enough guarantees.
this move together with other disagreements was seen as hostile by the jxcat which decided to suspend the negotiations with the erc last wednesday.
since i prefer the outside, i like the ones with little filling.
since my son is entering a kindergarten in april, i have to prepare some items that are needed for his kindergarten life.
when i was little, it was common for mothers of kindergarteners to sew bags and other needed items, and i still remember what my mom made me for my time in kindergarten.
i decided to sew bags and other items because i'm not a working mom and i have some time to do it.
i'm not a sewing person, and my sewing skills are not that great.
however, he achieved great results.
my sons like math, so they eagerly watched the drama.
today, i watched a drama about the mathematician, kiyoshi oka.
most japanese people can read the english alphabet, but many people aren't used to reading characters written by hand by people from other countries.
i worked with people from other countries, and i sometimes couldn't read their memos.
especially, i was often confused by the way they wrote "1"and "7".
the reason is that we don't have a chance to read handwritten documents in english.
i am a receptionist.
why have vegetables been very expensive?
i wrote an entry about this on lang-8 and then i received comments from my friend.
the crops didn't grow well because of this.
why have vegetables been so expensive?
today, i noticed that my family has supported me secretly.
i wonder why i didn't notice it earlier.
today, i noticed that my family supports me from the shadows.
i'm so angry at myself.
i must study more and more.
why didn't i noticed it earlier?
i'm currently all talk.
buenas tardes.
yo voy a trabajar en tokio hoy.
ciao. hasta la vista.
i've heard a play list with some famous cover songs recently.
johnny cash made a cover of the song "hurt" by nine inch nails.
i think it is one of the best cover songs in the history of music, because he transformed it into the confession of a man who approached the last threshold of his long life.
johnny cash showed how a musician could overcome musical genre borders and sing a song like it was really lived by him.
i've heard a play list of famous cover songs recently.
it was a discovery for me to know that some famous songs are covers of less popular original songs.
for example, the song by nancy sinatra "bang bang" is a cover of the cher song.
the song by sinead o'connor "nothing compares 2u" is also a cover of an early prince musical project "the family".
johnny cash made a cover of the song "hurt" by nine inch nails.
i think it is one of the best cover songs in music history, because he transformed it into the confession of a man who was approaching the last threshold of his long life.
johnny cash showed how a musician could overcome musical genre borders and sing a song like it was really lived by him.
i think that i will have to work there for at least three years, but i am going to come home once a month.
i miss my family, but i'm looking forward to enjoying the local food that is really tasty.
i watched a ballet tonight.
i used to watch performing arts when i lived in japan.
since i moved to the southern hemisphere this is the first time i've watched dancing.
this ballet is inspired by the movie "the piano".
i've already seen the movie.
my favorite scene in this movie is when she throws the piano into the sea.
however, in the ballet, this scene was cut.
that really shocked me.
they're so smart that whenever they talk, everyone is speechless.
i'll take pictures of it.
- he became famous for inventing this machine.
- the leaves of this tree turn yellow in the fall.
- he makes me feel as if i want to kill him.
part one
it's difficult to summarise the third war of italian independence, because there were alliances and their breakups between austria, prussia, france and italy.
he said however that rome is the capital of italy.
the major problem was the vatican state.
the new premier of the kingdom of italy was ricasoli.
the third war of italian independence belonged, in a certain sense and at the beginning, to the wider austro-prussian conflict, of which italy represented the western front.
austria was ceded, after the defeat, to prussia, veneto to france.
in this way he cut off the supplies from austria that were going to the austrian army in verona and trent.
in 1865, florence became the capital of italy.
they were near the alps, the natural border of italy, but everything was stopped for political reasons.
this one word became the motto of the risorgimento, and the symbol of the discipline and devotion of garibaldi.
the original telegram is in the national archive in rome.
it still remained to conquer the vatican state.
the romans had earlier spoken of the alps as a border, then they conquered other territories and created the empire.
it's difficult to summarize the fourth war of italian independence, because there were alliances among austria, prussia, france and italy, and their breakups.
he said, about the vatican state, 'a free church in a free state', 'absolute freedom of the church' to reassure the catholic italians.
egli said that only just rome is the capital of italy.
...i--i wish i was if it's that what you get.
your uh.
you can breathe?
your--your third oscar nomination, and you're a very young person.
i mean, there are people who go their whole lives and don't even get one oscar nomination.
both books are about lifestyle.
now i have time to do something else.
i will keep reading books to understand my future.
i work at a bank.
as a volunteer, i sometimes help foreign tourists get to their desired destinations.
my mother has never talked with only japanese.
my mother has only spoken with other japanese.
they had been living happily until, one day, he died suddenly.
days later, her heart is still with him.
she wishes he would somehow knock at her door again so that they can start living together like they always did, but she knows that won't happen.
she walks around and sees him in every little thing she sees, but the only place she can hold his hand, which she does every night, is in her dreams.
i've never had an experience like this, so i tried my best to imagine how it would feel to have someone you love die all of a sudden and be left alone.
as someone who wants to be a vocalist who can really connect with listeners' emotions one day, i needed to put a lot of effort into understanding the girl's emotions to really sing the song.
i am worried about him.
he seems to be having some trouble.
i hope i can help him.
it's an annual event, too.
i and my colleagues had to prepare to welcoming new students next semester.
it's an annual event.
on the other hand, i will be very nervous in three months.
i am concerned about the students' every action.
i am just thinking about whether new students will understand the content of the lecture, whether the speed of my speaking is too fast or whether it is too small when i write on the blackboard.
my last post was back in 2011.
i use english everyday, but only with children up to 12 years old.
it's so difficult to keep up my english level -- even though i teach english.
logic: you can still use lang-8, so the meaning is unclear.
is there anyone who can help me!?
i like it because of its special atmosphere, expectation of miracles, and nice traditions.
these pictures show packages of a bean sprouts stand.
i saw two kinds of packages of the sprouts at the bean sprouts stand.
it is also said to be more delicious that the dish with the bean sprouts without their roots.
what kind of bean sprouts do you usually use in meals?
how many cups a day?
i do!
you have to do things you have done.
i can't decide what to do tomorrow.
i'm wondering where to go, to the capoeira lesson in yoyogi-uehara or an english meetup in minami-ohsawa.
maybe, i can't go to the capoeira lesson in march.
however, if i go to the english meetup, i can shop in the outlet mall.
the english meetup in minami-ohsawa is held only once a month.
it's a lovely sunny day today.
it has taken a bit long time since i had met one of them last time.it has been a long time since i last met them.
he was dating a women when we met last time at a bbq party.
he is not so young, maybe around 40.
so, i guessed that he and his girl friend will get married soon.
last night i asked him when they will get married.
i was surprised and asked him why.
he answered
that his girl friend had returned to her hometown in fukuoka prefecture.
they came to the conclusion that they broke up because it would be difficult to continue a long-distance relationship.
i hope he can find a new woman to date soon.
i have never had a serious illness in my life.
my chronic diseases are hay fever, rhinitis and i have a nut allergy.
when i mistakenly ate a nut twice in a year, it brought on a stomachache, nausea and a chill.
although i am really afraid of nuts, the severity of mine is a mild level of allergy.
it is hard for me to gain weight.
so my weight hasn't changed much during the past decade.
i have never smoked since i quit six years ago.
i work out by weight training and running five times a week, take protein powder every day and have six or seven hours sleep every night.
lately i nap fifteen minutes during lunch time so i comfortably stay awake all afternoon.
the famous naked festival will be held on february 28th there.
on that day, it will be very crowded and dangerous, so we went there today.
we prayed there at first, returned old charms, and bought new ones.
i bought ten pieces of naoigire for my fellow ocarina members.
i hope the naoigire will bring happy things to them.
today i my supplier drove me nuts.
two days ago, i got an order from my customer.
before i confirmed the order, i negotiated with my supplier.
i asked him if the initial price was okay and he confirmed it was.
so i sent the quote to my customer and they confirmed what they wanted.
however, when this order went to the next step, i asked my supplier for an official document with stamp.
he stopped replying.
after a few calls from him, today he finally told me.
the first price wasn't good enough right now.
he wanted a 29% increase of the initial price otherwise the factory wouldn't do it.
he was quite embarrassed.
he told me he would try to solve the problem.
why didn't he negotiate with the factory earlier and tell me that before i confirmed my order with my customer?
now the order has already been confirmed, how can i ask for an increase of money?
and it's the customer's first time working with us.
how can i take back my word?
i don't know what to do next.
after a the congress i attended in hokkaido, i went to shin-chitose airport.
the flight i was book on, was scheduled to depart at 23:00, but the flight was cancelled because of a heavy snow.
together, i and another one of the participants of the congress, who had reserved a seat on the same flight as mine, went to the spa of the airport. after which we rested until this morning.
although my schedule was disturbed, it was interesting and exiting experience for me!
when i stood in front of the poetic tablet of yun dong-ju with the poem "prologue" carved into it,* which begins with "wishing not to have so much as a speck of shame toward heaven until the day i die," i felt a lump in my throat, and my eyes almost watered.
* should i say "on it"?
i went to doshisha university to see yun dong-ju and jeong ji-yong's memorial stones.
when i stood in front of yun dong-ju's poetic tablet with one of his poems "prologue" carved into it,* which begins with "wishing not to have so much as a speck of shame toward heaven until the day i die," i felt a lump in my throat and my eyes almost watered.
when i stood in front of yun dong-ju's poetic tablet with "prologue" carved into it,* which begins with "wishing not to have so much as a speck of shame toward heaven until the day i die," i felt a lump in my throat and my eyes almost watered.
beef and the norman conquest of england
when i was a high school student, i wasn't keen on history.
i especially didn't like the history of europe, because it seemed to be extremely complicated both geologically and historically.
there seems to be a lot of henry is and william iis anywhere, anytime of history.
the boundaries change continuously and drastically, and therefore i wasn't able to keep track of the historical figures or events at all.
however, recently i happened to learn about a norman conquest in the 11th century and found it interesting.
according to the article i read, during this period the english language changed into the present style english.
without the norman conquest, english may have become an intricate, difficult language to learn like german or other germanic languages.
i studied german as second foreign language when i was a college student, and didn't feel like i could master it at all.
there is an interesting anecdote about the norman conquest about the languages used in that era.
the aristocrats used french while anglo-saxons used english, and therefore, because the former mainly ate and the latter mainly produced, the word cow has become to be called beef when referred to as food in english.
that question has been nagging me forever.
beef, and norman conquest of england
when i was a high school student, i keen on history.when i was a high school student, i wasn't keen on history.
i didn't like the history of europe especially because it seemed to be extremely complicated both geologically and historically.
there seems to be plenty of people like henry i and william ii anywhere and anytime in history.
however, recently i happened to learn about the norman conquest of the 11th century and found it interesting.
according to the article i read, during this period, the english language began to change more into modern day english.
i studied german as a second foreign language when i was a college student, and didn't feel like i could master it at all.
interesting anecdote about the norman conquest is about the languages they used in that era.an interesting anecdote about the norman conquest is about the languages they used in that era.
the aristocrats used french while anglo-saxons used english. therefore, because mainly the former ate and the latter produced, the word cow has come to be called beef when regarded as food in english.
that has been my nagging question of all time.i have questioned why this change took place for a very long time.
i didn't like the history of europe especially, because they seemed to be extremely complicated both geographically and historically.
there seems to be a plenty of henry is and william iis and people like that anywhere and anytime in history.
according to the article i read, during this period the english language changed a lot into the present style of english.
without the norman conquest, english may have become intricate, a difficult language to learn like german or other germanic languages.
i studied german as a second foreign language when i was a college student, and couldn't feel like i could master it at all.
the aristocrats used french while the peasantry used english, therefore, because mainly the former ate and the latter produced, the word cow has become to be called beef when they are regarded as food in english.
i've spent a lot of time watching the olympic games over the past couple of weeks.
i've never watched this much of the games before because of time differences.
i don't do any winter sports myself but watching the games is really exciting!
i'm starting to understand it but the strategies are still too complicated to understand.
also, i wonder what's the point of throwing 8 times in each end, because the opponent can move your stones really easily and you end up back at square one, so i feel like only the last a few slidings determine the outcome.
there is the last game tonight so i want to learn about the strategy in more detail.
i've never watched this much of the games before because of time differences.
also, i wonder about the point of throwing 8 times at each end, because the opponent moves your stones and back to square one so easily and i feel like only the last few throws determine the outcome.
whenever i watch videos in which people describe the artificial intelligence world we will be living in and how convenient and intelligent life will be then,
my feelings are that it always takes ages for such claims to come true, should they even come true, but by the time that era comes i will have died already so why should i give a fag.
i would never try to paint such a beautiful pic of the life i will have in the future just based on the fantasies and wild guesses people make.
i'm growing tired of the lame acting and unnatural situations of tv dramas.
a: there are no tears in the actor's eyes, but they are supposed to be crying in a tv drama.
also, in some scenes, the actor only sobs silently without crying out at the moment of his friend's death.
some characters who just woke up from sleep can begin to do something smoothly.
this terrible acting makes me want to return from the world of tv drama world to the real world.
when i talked to one of my language partners yesterday, she was already back to her family house. she said that she would meet her boyfriend there. during the spring festival, she has been her hometown, and her boyfriend came back to his family home.
i heard that she will get married with her boyfriend next year. her parents met his parents to talk about their wedding ceremony last year, and they are going to hold a wedding ceremony next year. she's already proposed to bank loan and had taken out a loan from the bank. their new apartment will be built by the end of this year. surprisingly, i didn't expect that she would get married with her boyfriend in her hometown so soon like this. she has just decided to get married there, and the wedding ceremony will be held next year.
i asked when her wedding ceremony would be held, but she didn't know when. she said that it's just depending on her parents.
she used to say that she and her boyfriend don't pay any money but her boyfriend's parents should pay most of it.
it seems that they don't have much of a day in their wedding.
i was working part-timeat a bakery when i was a student.
until then, i had never worked part-time, so every happening was fresh, exciting and fun.
the smell of fresh-baked bread stimulated not only our customers but also our stomachs.
in particular fresh-baked white bread could be sold out soon.
on fridays, in addition, little sleep is usually allowed, despite accumulated fatigue.
i picked up ryota in front of the library.
right after that we went to eat soup dumplings.
after that we went to outlet mall close to the casino,but it had already closed at 6 pm.
i won $130.
we walked home, but i had a headache.
i thought i got heatstroke.
it was 30 degrees outside tonight.
today i got up early and started to study english.
how and why are stereotypes formed?
it could be unbeneficial because it keeps us from getting to know who they really are. this could be disadvantageous because it keeps us from getting to know who they really are.
the media is simply just a means of mass communication with an anonymous face.
in this season, many people are enjoying watching the olympic game on tv everyday.
after japanese athletes get gold medals, the rules often change.
there is a very nice room there, so i may keep going back to this room for a while.
pcr is a very basic experimental method which is used in a variety of fields.
for the effectiveness of pcr is of paramount importance not to add too much dna onto the template.
this sounds preposterous because it seams obvious that a larger dna sample would augment the dna results.
however, dna samples sometimes contain substances which impede enzymes to replicate dna.
thus, when you do pcr, it is advisable that you meticulously examine the appropriateness of the experimental conditions in advance.
do not curtail the effectiveness of pcr experiment because it is still in a rudimentary stage.
i have written this down to buckle myself down.
lately, i have failed pcr over and over again so i feel that i am wasting time.
i don't have any plans for this weekend.
the first half of last year, i would wake up very early and commute by train at around 6 am, and last half of the year, i shifted the time of getting on a train by one hour in order to get more time for sleeping.
and yet again, i am considering changing the time to go to bed and get up.
i need to learn time management as well as objective management.
what does the following mean?
since residents of mercosul are allowed to travel around south america crossing borders only using their ids, i do not have stamps on my passport attesting to the exact dates of my trips to argentina and paraguay in 2010, which is why i used approximate dates.
how do you say gikkuri goshi in english?
upon stepping into the park, i felt something was different.
after the game, they wept and the pictures were on the internet.
the place where i was taken as if i were on the dragon's back was medieval europe.
i found a cross surrounded by a dark atmosphere.
can you read this word in the title?
i became curious about the word's meaning and its origin even though i wrote it myself.
the definition of "guardian" does not necessarily refer only to parents.
as you may know, every word and phrase has their own most suitable genre of writing respectively in which they should be used.
i am not that sure if the first english translation matches the ancient japanese sentence, and i couldn't even translate the second one into english.
can you read the word in the title?
i started getting curious about the word's meaning and its origin, even though i was the one who wrote it.
i'd never thought deeply about japanese words and phrases until i joined this site and started correcting japanese learners' posts.
i am learning a lot about my mother tongue day by day together with you guys.
what he said to me was not necessarily wrong.
i did say "in modern japanese," though, which implies that this word had a totally different meaning in ancient japanese.
ana-gachi meant "aggressively, forcibly, sincerely" in ancient japanese.
can't we forcibly stop cherry blossoms from falling from trees?
as you may know, every word and phrase has the most suitable genre of writings respectively in which they should be used.
i mentioned, "in the modern japanese language". it implies that this word had been used with a totally different meaning in the ancient japanese language.
can you read this title?
i'd never thought deeply about japanese words and phrases until i joined this site and started correcting japanese learner's posts.
after writing the word, its actual meaning and origin aroused my curiosity.
tips to get a comfortable spot on a crowded train in tokyo.
these tips are based on my experience.
i hope they help you.
how to board a train
if there is any station you often use to commute, you better check the route of the car you plan to board.
that helps board off smoothly.
what's more, you need to check for the stairs where you suppose people will go after they get off the train.
with that information, you can choose the place to wait.
perhaps you think waiting in the right or left line is insignificant but this tip is extremely useful.
if you wait in the other line, you would have to wait in the line because people continue getting off heading towards the stairs.
go towards the middle or the end
standing near the doors tends to make a traffic jam and you'll be stuck if you stay there, so you'd better go further inside, especially in front of chairs as it is spacious.
if you are going to use special trains which do not stop at many stations such as a rapid commuter, and if you are not staying in the front of a waiting line, it's good to go to the back.
as i mentioned, next to the door is a crowded place but if there are not many stops it's a good place compared to being stuck among people near the doors.
to get a seat you have to be a detective!
honestly, i'm not good at detecting who is about to get off, but i'm sure if you could find that person and stay in front of them, you would get their seat.
be an early bird
that's just it!
i updated my profile!
i'm hifofumi and i'm from japan.
i'm studying english!
my favorite things are music, cinema, fashion, art, cafe
spring is coming soon!!
i want to look at a sakura quickly.
anyway, i finished my work, so what should i do afternoon?
what do you think about the taste of this drink?
i don't think this sentence was well written so could you check it please?
please correct this wrong information.
i take a university entrance exam tomorrow!
i've become nervous in a good way.
i want to express my gratitude to many people who have helped me.
i've become naive in a good way.
i studied english and math in order to pass the exam.
my essay.
from the time of the ancient states, to the 21st century, s people have been fighting constantly to have their minimum basic rights and freedoms repected, and demonstrated that the guarantee of human rights is the basis for justice and peace in our society.
the ignorance of basic human rights has brought such terrible history as the holocaust a, and the aspiration for assurance of human value and equality has greatly influenced the adoption of the universal declaration of human rights.
as the role of the government in ensuring human rights has become significant, provisions  guaranteeing human rights have been inscribed in the constitutions of many countries, and inside the society, activities for helping minority groups have increased.
from the mid-15th century to the beginning of the 20th century, ghana was colonized and abused by western powers such as portugal and the netherlands, and early on realized the importance of guaranteeing  human rights while suffering from innumerable damages due to the slave trade.
this awareness led to the first independence movement in sub-saharan africa in 1960.
ghana appreciates and sympathizes with all moral and humanitarian efforts for the guarantee of fundamental human rights, and is still working hard to provide equal treatment for minority groups by supporting those who are still discriminated against.
just as many other countries in the world have done, the prime role of ghana's prisons was the accommodation of political prisoners of a coup, and even some of them were even exploited in harsh circumstances when kwame nkrumah set up cacao farms to gain private funds
the prisoners are isolated from society and must be made to take responsibility for their past, but they will someday return to society and live as equal with other people.
therefore, ghana's prisons have been focusing on their reformation and providing various kinds of support for their effective reintegration into society.
we would like to say that governments should pay attention to the rights of women and disabled people in tprison camps while furthering the improvement of treatment of simple prisoners.
ghana concentrates on the implementation of tlegislation that protects women and children from dangerous traditional practices such as the fgm, implements a woman quota in the composition of the prisons service council, and provides nursing homes and foster care facilities for the welfare of women prisoners.
however deespite the fact that fair prison policies and rules are being enacted and implemented, ghana 's  prisons are still in poor condition, and far from the prison systems of developed countries.
ghana believes that the guarantee of civilian governmental humanitarian efforts t for minority groups and others will ultimately lead to a good future society.
and finally we hope that other countries in africa will take care of the importance of ensuring the humane rights of minority groups or those who need to be re-socialized, such as prisoners, together with us.
we all know how hard it is to start a new language.
i've worked as a teacher in different types of schools, including elementary and junior high schools.
in my brief teaching career i preferred to teach using hands-on experience because i want students to learn more than they would in those classes with textbooks.
so, i conducted a survey which concluded that textbooks were too boring and failed to maintain their interest.
with that understanding, i have changed my method of teaching and have incorporated hands-on activities so that they will learn gradually in context the way chinese students do.
moreover, i will show them more about chinese culture including paper-cutting, calligraphy, and songs.
ever since i was in school.
it's hard for a beginner to start learning a new language
, but i find exciting ways to teach
such as making my own slides and including chinese cultural activities
like paper cutting, writing, songs and making dumplings in class.
in short, it shifts the focus from teaching a subject to teaching the students
making it possible for a kid to learn even if they are different from the norm.
it takes about 10 minutes on foot.
my commute is used my car for 30 minuets.
i always listen to the podcast which is news programs because i don't watch the tv news shows at home.
podcast is more interesting than tv shows because there are a lot of comments or opinions.
also, the good point is that it's updated every day.
my brother sent me an email.
he said, "i will ask mum about a spring break plan."
i suggested him to consider going to an onsen.
i'd be glad if she would want to go there.
however if it is regarding an onsen, she might not mind to go.
i think it is too important to have decent clothes and a living.
i have a dream to make a gracious and classy living.
i promise you that i'll fulfill my dreams.
his mistake was intentional.
the other day, us president donald trump met several survivors of the gun shooting massacre in florida to lend an ear to the victims' voices in person.
when he seated himself on the chair, he held a reminder sheet in his hands.
also, the phrase sometimes has a slight nuance like, 'i understand your opinion and position, but i won't totally agree with you.' this is because the speaker doesn't listen to but hears you.
when he seated himself on the chair, he grabbed a reminder sheet.
actually, this was the first time i learned this english phrase, so i looked it up in an online dictionary.
it seems that the expression shows someone your agreement or empathy without any particular conviction in daily life.
also, the phrase sometimes has a slight nuance like, 'i understand your opinion and position, but i won't totally agree with you.' this is because the speaker hears, but doesn't listen to you.
is that worth being a reminder to potus?
what do you think would be some good topics for it?
i expect that they'll bring up the olympic's games.
what kind of competitions do you focus on?
which scene are you impressed with?
it has been stoping snow for three days but it starts snowing again just now.it has stopped snowing for three days, but it has started snowing again.
although there is no snowfall for three consecutive days, but just now it has started snowing again.
so, i'll try to prepare some questions in advance.
what kind of competitions have you been focusing on?
which moments impressed you?
i'll think of my own answers while i'm driving.
it hasn't snowed for three days but it started snowing again just now.
i was told that, but i actually have mixed feelings.
english is a language that acts as an intermediary between my native language and other languages.
it would be easy to cook this.
i sensed someone else came and heard that person chatting with the salesman.
the other day, i saw a packet of unfamiliar fish in the fish section in the basement of a department store.
it sounded easy.
i sensed someone else come and heard the person chatting with the salesman.
then the second man told us to grill them without sprinkling any salt.
if you find it's not salty enough after grilling it, you can put soy sauce or something on it to adjust the taste.
i grilled the fish as it was, the next day, and it tasted good.
if i had sprinkled salt on it, it would have been too salty.
thank you for your advice, the person wearing brilliant red lipstick.
i want to be with him as long as possible in spite of him getting old.
"this is the style i like"
it's been a long time since i have logged into this website.
i think i must be too lazy
i need to have motivation to dedicate my time to learning english everyday.
despite me having grown up in a close, warm family, i was quite a lone wolf...
neither of them understood the beauty hidden in reading.
my father never understood the reason why i was reading books, and always tried to convince me to give up on books.
in contrast, my mother was a well-spoken woman.
she climbed the social ladder rather quickly after marrying my father, from what she told me, and ended up working in a reputable mansion, under an extremely beautiful noble lady.
but as i entered the mansion and met elina's gaze i felt a shock travel through my body.
she had small, curly lips, and a deep black iris.
she must have been known throughout the country...
i can't say things i don't mean at all because i feel like i'm lying.
i think people should try to distinguish the truth from flattery, but hearing flattery may make them feel comfortable.
i'm never nice, especially to men, but i think that i'm also honest to everyone, considering i never lie.
in the past, i've commented on how a lot of british series used to be shown in latin america during my childhood.
i don't know, maybe that's one of the reasons why i like london.
one of those series that left a great impression on me was "enemy at the door", that was about the occupation of one of the channel island, the only british territory that fell under the nazi regime during wwii.
in my juvenile ignorance, i thought those were remote islands, maybe close to the falklands, and not between england and europe, although i must confess that my mistake made the situation more interesting.
i deeply enjoy those old series that were filmed in studios with few cameras.
they have the feeling of a "telenovela", but with worthwhile content.
so, it was a pleasure to find that these series are available in the library of the congress.
in my juvenile ignorance, i thought those were remote island were close to the falklands rather than between england and france. in fact, i must confess that my mistake made the series more interesting.
comment: hispanic and portuguese readers will understand what a "telenova" is. for other readers, i recommend this wording - they resemble soap operas, but with more worthy content.
you can watch them here:
one of the series that left a great impression on me was "enemy at the door", which was about the occupation of one of the channel islands, the only british territory that fell to the nazis during wwii.
in my juvenile ignorance, i thought they were remote islands, maybe close to the falklands, and not between england and europe. although i must confess that my mistake made the situation more interesting.
one of those series that left a great impression on me was "enemy at the door", which was about the occupation of one of the channel islands, the only british territory tt to fall to the nazi regime during wwii.
i deeply enjoy those old series, filmed in studios with few cameras.
i don't know, but maybe that's one of the reasons i like london.
one of those series that left a great impression on me was "enemy at the door", which was about the occupation of one of the channel islands, the only british territory that fell under the nazi regime during wwii.
in my juvenile ignorance, i thought those were remote island, maybe close to the falklands, and not between england and europe, although i must confess that my mistake made the situation more interesting.
i deeply enjoy those old series, filmed in studio with few cameras.
so, it was a pleasure to find that particular series available in the library of congress.
i'm aware of the fact that the days i don't write my journal are the days i'm busy with work.
i forgot about the things i forgot about.
as associated symptoms, increasing pulse rate, respiration rate, and heart beat are observed.associated symptoms such as increasing pulse rate, respiration rate and heart rate are observed
however, when i think about the relationship of body heat and blood vessels, vessels are expanded by high body temperature.
while i was studying, i had a question regarding blood pressure.
they sweat.
sweating causes the patient to become dehydrated which reduces the body's ability to supply oxygen to cells.
due to this process, the patient often develops tachypnea due to the deficiency of oxygen.
associated symptoms are also observed including increased heart rate and respiration..
however, when i think about the relationship between body heat and blood vessel diameter, blood vessels are expanded by high body temperature.
this means that wider vessels reduce the pressure of blood flow.
in that case, how does a fever cause high blood pressure?
i really don't understand why my listening skills haven't improved.
i'm determined that i will practice a lot every night.
what do you think of that?
a japanese woman is missing.
a 27-year-old japanese lady from hyogo prefecture has been missing since the middle of this month.
a 26-year-old american man was arrested because he confined the lady to a room of a b&b in osaka.
a security camera caught them entering the building, but later, he came out alone with a big bag.
the police have been looking for the woman, but she's still missing.
i often say when you wonder whether you should or shouldn't do something, it's better to do, because if you didn't do, nothing would happen.
however, i think young people are too quick meet people after they encounter them on the internet.
of course, even if we have dated a girlfriend or boyfriend for a long time, we would realize they after getting married they are different from what we thought.
sometimes they misunderstand what we intended to say, and it may cause an argument.
i'm not discouraging you from making friends on the internet, but i think it's better to exchange messages to see what kind of people they are before you meet in person.
i hope she will be found alive and as soon as possible!
a 27-year-old japanese women from hyogo prefecture has been missing since mid-february.
a security camera captured them entering the building, but later, he came out alone with a big bag.
the police are still searching for the woman.
you can use a dictionary to look up the meaning of the word.
i look in the dictionary when i want to know the meaning of a word.
i look up the meaning of the word using a dictionary.
i talked with them so much, and maybe i was talkative.
my english skills are getting better and better.
she is good at english and a caring and active person.
i wonder how she finds the time for it all.
i have some questions.
thus, nobody notices if he is present at a party or not.
"in fashion shows, the designer's work should take the spotlight.
models, music, and stage background should not attract attention."
this sentence is my attempt at conveying this.
a car accident
i'm alive, but i'm struggling with lots of stress and serious health problems.
also, i'm still recovering from the shock of a terrible car crash i had last weekend that still weighs on my mind constantly.
the day started out very lovely.
i was excited because of my upcoming fencing training and seeing my friends tonight.
it was extremely cold and snowing heavily and my friends and i were heading to the forest to take some winter pictures.
we were listening to our favorite music, joking and talking about our plans and there was no warning of the impending disaster.
but then i felt something happened with the car
and the driver started to lose control.
we had to make an emergency stop and tried to get out of the car, but the doors were jammed.
i was terrified and frantically tried to open the door, but i couldn't.
i wanted to call for help, but my phone turned off because it was too cold.
i started to feel incredibly anxious and hysterical.
i literally thought i was going to die.
my chest tightened and i felt like i couldn't breathe.
then i finally realized that i couldn't move my body anymore.
i could no longer feel the cold, nor move a muscle.
after being stuck for two hours in this terrifying situation i heard the voices of my friends who tried to wake me up and get me out of the car.
help finally arrived, but i was unable to move.
they put me in the backseat of the car and we went home.
the realization that death was so close drove me crazy.
i couldn't eat or sleep for two days, so it was really hard to continue my studying.
now i don't feel the anxiety that i felt before, but my health is getting worse by the day...
i'm afraid that i urgently need to get medical attention before it's too late.
things such as clothes, books, plates, music, movies and other types of things.
maybe i need to sell or give away some things, because i don't need those things any more.
if i only keep those kinds of things, i'm going to clean up my house and my life.
i have been using a pc cooler since i bought my current main pc.
recently, it made a little noise so i bought a new one:
using the fan, the temperature goes down to about 40 degrees c.
the arenius equation says that when the temperature goes up 10 degrees c then its life is halved.
i am using the fan expecting to extend the life of my main pc.
my previous main pcs were broken after around 4 years and i have been using my main pc for 3 and a half years so i have about 17k hours left.
if i can use the pc for two years from now, i think the fan will have been effective.
recently, it has been making a little bit of noise, so i bought a new one:
arenius' equation says that when the temperature goes up 10 degrees c, then its life gets halved.
i use the fan, expecting to extend the life of my main pc.
my previous main pcs were broken for around 4 years, and ive' been using my current main pc for 3 and half years, whose on-time is about 17k hours.
recently, i've been reading some books about food.
they are like the stories of what happens at the restaurant or some essays written about food.
they are either not serious or difficult.
however, i get hungry when i'm reading these books, and then i can't stop eating.
unlike translation, you can write your way using your limited vocabulary when your are summarizing a story.
and it will help improve my writing skill, i think.
today, i'm going to summarize another hoshi short story titled "calamity".
he selected them especially with quick and sensible behavior.
he earnestly mends, feeds,and cleans them daily.
when one of them gets sick, he gets worried about it more than himself.
although he truly loves them, that's not only reason he has them as pets.
in fact, he has narrowly escaped from a few disasters like an earthquake and a shipwreck.
every time his mice begin to stir, he detects something wrong is going to happen beforehand.
he gets worried and moves to another house finally.
the new owner informs him that there's nothing special except recently new residents have moved into the house next to his.
and it will help improve your writing skill, i think.i believe this will help develop your writing skill.
he selected them especially for their quick and intelligent behavior.
when one of them gets sick, he worries about it more than he does himself.when one of them gets sick, he worries about it as if it were his child.
although he loves them really, that's not the only reason he has them as pets.
he believes that mice have an innate ability to detect natural disasters.
in fact, he narrowly escaped from a few disasters like an earthquake as well as a shipwreck.
i made my dress using an old kimono.
this dress pattern has short sleeves, but i changed them to three-quarter length and with ruffles rather than conventional sleeves.
it's still as cold as ever, so i added a few inches to the sleeve length.
i think the dress goes well with boots and a fur vest as a casual style.
i am often asked by people, "how do you make a garment from a kimono?" it's gonna be a long story, so i'll tell you another time.
in conclusion,
i made my dress using a used-kimono.
it's still as cold as ever, so i added to the sleeve length by a few inches.
i sometimes used that restaurant a long time ago, and i went to visit with the desire to know what was going on.
it was crowded with many people, same as in the past.
we were admiring some gorgeous mountain scenery
we must have our own opinion and voice and vote with them.
our voice makes the democracy stronger.
she has protested against building a new road because a lot of trees would be felled.
only a handful of people survived the crash
a teacher radiated contentment when a pupil solved a quite difficult math problem.
at the first part of the eighteenth century, france started to explore and colonize the west of the missouri river.
spain considered the territory that france was colonizing as its property, because francisco vazquez de coronado had explored it and taken possession of it for spain in 1540.
he wanted to interrogate them to collect information about the french interests in the territory.
he organised an expedition commanded by pedro de villanueva and composed by one hundred soldiers and twelve apache guides.
eurosport poland cooperates with krzysztof gonciarz, polish youtuber.
they work together at the winter olympic games.
i have been watching gonciarz's movies from pyeongchang for two days and i regret that i started so late because his blogs are beautiful and there is a lot of interesting information about wog.
you can see a lot of things from behind the scenes and can meet the athletes you didn't know about. it's so great!
i would like to watch a hockey final, for example, and i hope it will be able to wake me up.
it's friday evening but i'm not resting because i have a lot of homework and midterms.
i like listening to commentators of biathlon: they are just great!
the forthright consulting company has provided consulting and advisory services to a variety of clientele over the years.
our history of working with indigenous groups has established an especially strong reputation among the first nations in british columbia.
in the past, we successfully helped to lobby government and made progress on the legal rights of the aboriginal peoples in canada.
with successful experience farming atlantic salmon and a four-star certification from the global aquaculture alliance for best aquaculture practices, the company anticipates expanding their business in the heitsuk nation traditional territory, bella bella, bc.
my favorite teacher at school
my favorite teacher at school was the natural science teacher because her class was very entertaining and i remembered that she left us a lot of homework such making drawing or cutting out images of animals, plants and part of cells.
and i also had a book with newspaper and magazines clippings.
and finally i remembered that her class had posters of animals, plants and planetary systems posted on the walls.
in this letter, the signatories complain that governments, education ministers, and the editorial boards of newspapers anxiously await the results of pisa, which are cited authoritatively in countless policy reports, which have begun to influence the educational practices in many countries.
in addition, these experts emphasize that pisa is an organ of the oecd and this is an organization that, by its nature and objectives, will always enlarge the role of economics in education.
the other concern is that the report is made by specialists in psychometrics, statistics and economics.
;pisa gives us data on the academic development of the countries; however, some governments use that data poorly and become obsessed.
exams are important tools to evaluate, but they present a problem when they become ends in themselves, because education is not about preparing students to pass exams but preparing them for life.
can you please check these sentences below, which are about "my staying in london and dublin"?
i lived in london for nine months in 2016 to
after studying in london, i moved to dublin for a working holiday last june.
i was studying english in a language school for the first three months, and then i got a teaching job at a small language school.
i had five irish students who were complete beginners.
in the school, there were no teaching materials like textbooks, so i had to prepare them myself.
although preparing the class was a bit tough, there were good students, who were studying really hard.
during the holiday, i hung out with friends and we went to some cities such as belfast, galway, and alain.
it was great fun and i enjoyed myself, so i miss those days.
once upon a time in a magic forest, there were two friends that were very close. since they were children, they spent time together.
they used to play together in the forest for hours; they liked to climb trees, annoy fairies and play hide and seek with the animals.
although they were different physically, they had a lot of things in common, and they enjoyed being together.
she was a beautiful and tender princess, and he was a small, green gnome with a gorgeous smile.
they both lived separated by a river that crossed the forest.
crossing the river was really dangerous for them, for the water coursed rapidly. they dreamed of building a bridge that united the two territories, to benefit them and the inhabitants of the towns.
important economists have declared that most people will live in big cities, and small towns and villages will be depopulated in 15 years.
but nowadays, a lot of families have thought about moving to rural communities because of the huge benefits of living there.
if you are planning to have a change of scenery and live in the countryside, you should continue reading.
the most important one is that your health will impove, within a short period of time, because the air is cleaner and less polluted.
another point of wiew in favour of living in the country is that you can more easily buy a house as they are often cheaper than one in the city.
in fact, there will be plenty of space to build a mansion and you can have a garden or even a swimming pool.
however, there are some disadvantages whitch you should take into account.
for instance, living in the country is slower.
on the other hand, people do not earn as much money and finding a job can be more difficult.
in addition, access to all the shops that you can have in the city is different in the country.
to sum up, living in the country may have a lot of advantages such as fresh air or less traffic,
but a lot of people decide to stay in the city due to the belief it is an easier life.
however, if you are retired and you need a relaxed life, living in the country can be an attractive option.
important economists have declared that most of the people will live in big cities, and small villages will be depopulated in 15 years.
but nowadays, a lot of families have thought about moving into rural areas because of the huge benefits it involves.
if you are planning to have a change of air and live in the countryside, you should continue reading.
the most important one is that your health will impove over a short period of time, because of the atmosphere is cleaner and the air is less polluted.
furthemore, the trafic is less heavy.
another reason for living in the country is that you can easily buy a house because it is cheaper than to buy one in the city.
in fact, there will be plenty of space to build a mansion and you can have garden or even a swimming pool.
however, there are some disadvantages which you should take into account.
for instance, life in the country has a slower pace.
on the other hand, people there do not earn so much money and finding a job is quite difficult.
however, a lot of people decide to stay in the city, because life is easier there.
but if you are retired and you need a relaxed life it can be an attractive option.
a crazy murderer joke.
they immediately call headquarters and talk with their boss who asks what has happened.
they explain to him that a woman killed her husband; first she stabbed him twelve times, then she shot him twice, and finally she cut his head off and burned his body.
"yes. she said that her husband had come into the kitchen while she was washing the floor."
it has been a long time since i've written anything here.
so many friends must have already left the site.
in the late 1950s, suburbicon is a small suburban community, where families, only white and middle class, lead quiet lives in pretty detached houses.
when the mayers move into their home, the postman thinks they are furniture movers, because there are no afro-american families in the area.
their neighbours are shocked too, and immediately build high fences to be separated from them.
the lodge family, composed of gardner, rose and their son nicky, is not so close-minded.
from their patio, rose, who became disabled after a car accident, and her twin sister margaret, who often takes care of her, feel pity for young andy mayer who alone in his backyard, so they push nicky to play with him.
in the late 1950s, suburbicon is a small suburban community, where families, only white and middle class, enjoy a quiet life in pretty, detached houses.
when the mayers move into their home, the postman thinks they are furniture movers, because there are no afro-american residents in the area.
i got many ideas by the time i finished it.
the smaller the aim is, the better you will do.
because you're not willing to do it if the work seems to be a lot or takes a lot of time at first.
but in the end, i will stop most of them long before they're finished.
as i read over the book, i finally found the answer that i set my aims too big.
these lines are what one of gintama's characters, shinpachi, said.
he told these his sister, tae, who was made to get married to the head of a elite clan, kyuubei.
this is because her dad and other members of the clan raised her as a boy.
tae's been a strong womam, who never shows her weakness.
they both grew up together and kyuubei admired her.
kyuubei said to tae, "if i become a strong samurai with a big heart, will you marry me?".
even when you're hurt or want to cry, you force yourself to smile.
never saying anything to anyone, you bear the burden alone, decide on your won and end up smiling alone.
he told these to his sister, tae, who was made to get married to the head of a elite clan, kyuubei.
gintama takes place in old japan with a futuristic civilization.
in old japan, the heir who succeeds their households was always a man.
tae's been a strong woman, who never shows her weakness.
funny moments in this part:
you always force yourself to smile, even when you're hurting or want to cry.
never saying anything to anyone, you bear the burden alone, make decisions alone, and end up smiling alone.
if you're hurting, just tell us.
these are lines from a gintama character, shinpachi.
he said these to his sister, tae, who was forced to marry the head of an elite clan, kyuubei.
while the gintama characters always try to make the viewers laugh, the serious scenes always give me goose bumps.
tae had always been a strong woman who never shows her weakness.
today i was in a grim mood because i am ill.
but lately, i have taken some pills and my body temperature has fallen.
it is a lugubrious thought to consider that it will rise again and cause my body to ache.
i feel great frustration that i have caught this illness and cannot even go outdoors.
i hope the owner to hire one more person.
i can not even dream to clean dining area.
i only can pile stock at slow time, nothing else.
i will report this filthy place to a health inspector after i quit this job.
life is short, so burn it hot!
help me correct the mistakes.
my family lead internet cafe.
today i met 2 costomers from russia.
i was afraid to communicate with them bacause i'm not good at english.
i don't know what to do in this case.
i cannot remember the last time when i wrote here.
i was busy searching for a new job.i've been busy searching...
so i've started to study english again.
i was very frastrating.
help me with my english and i'll help you with japanese.
due to a bad dream, i woke up at 3:30 am today.
the dream was strange and i saw lots of people running here and there i tried to stop someone then i was able to stop one child whose forehead had a strange painting on it.
she grabbed my hand and tried to see the lines on it, but after seeing my palm, she became a cat and tried to bite me so i throw her off.
writing it down in one place makes my understanding deeper and clearer.
all your attempts lead to nothing.
tuned resource is the first state when you start do the right things to get energy from a resource.
if you do it regularly, your energy flow becomes more and more stable and sustained.
developed state is when you know and easily do a lot of great stuff in resource, get energy from it without effort, and can shift your attention to other resources when needed.
addiction - is a state in which you are overdependent on a particular resource.
in many addictions you identify yourself with ideas or a group of people.
you lose yourself.
shopaholics, bodybuilders and gym bunnies are trapped into addiction to their image.
addiction here might be money-grubbing and lust for money.
economics has two sides- money and living conditions.
they waste their time on information gathering, neither for using it in the future, nor for conscious pleasure.
for instance, often young mothers use the word we, talking about the success of their child.
excessive number of training sessions.
using strong medication to feel good without medical prescriptions.
a love addict fixates himself on a particular person.
unimportant or too small in comparison to the level of your personality.
workaholics see the world through the lenses of work.
they tend to see money as a consequence of lots of work.
addiction here is when you dissolve yourself in a group of people or merge with a person psychologically.
in addition to that, one of my best friends who had one told me that it was worth buying.
they asked it so many questions, saying "alexa, what is the weather like?", "alexa, who was the first us president?" and "alexa, at what temperature does water boil?"
i tried doing some things with alexa, but all i do now is just ask her to play music.
i get irritated when she says, "i don't know that" when i can't say something right in english.
as far as my wife is concerned, she asks alexa to count an amount of time when she cooks.
i asked my friend who recommended the amazon echo to me what he uses it for, and i found that he uses it the same way i do.
the olympics!
for these two weeks, i've been watching olympic games on tv.
i especially like figure skating, speed skating, and curling.
in speed skating, japanese athletes won some medals.
i can't help but cry when i'm watching them struggling to win.
sometimes, or in many cases, they can't reach a goal that they've dreamt about and made effort towards.
as many winter sports are not very popular in japan,they sometimes can't find enough sponsors.
that's why after games, i heard some athletes saying they didn't know if they would want to keep trying for another four years even if they themselves wanted to.
i love walking in the park.
i would start slow and would like to do this maybe 30 minutes a day.
i really enjoy my time while doing this.
actually i there was a time that i was tired all of the time.
even after i slept for 8hours at night, i woke up feeling groggy, tired and wanting to go back to sleep.
walking helps me overcome my tiredness.
once i go for a walk, i then am able to focus on my morning classes.
read less than before.
people used to read books on the subway in my city, but now most people watch videos or play games on their phones.
actually i bought 5 books on amazon last month.
all of them remain unopened.
i spend most of my leisure time on my phones.
in the front of the restaurant they had displayed the price list, but it was the lunch menu's price.
i wonder if their intention was to get more money from us.
other customers were also asking about the price at the cashier.
i will never go to that restaurant again.
in the front of the restaurant, they were showing the prices, but it was the lunch menu's prices.
i wonder it they intended to get more money from us.
i'll never go to that restaurant ever again.
my daughter and i went to a buffet tonight.
i wonder it they intended to trick us.
i will never go to this restaurant again.
should teachers get guns?
every time a gun shooting tragedy occurs in the us, each president refers to the necessity of gun control policies.
i'm dubious as to whether all of them worried about the problem in earnest, but at least they appeared to think about it.
yesterday, i was totally surprised to hear the news that mr trump officially claimed more teachers should take a gun to school in order to prevent criminals from approaching their students.
he went so far as to say that armed teachers should be rewarded with a bonus.
she fiercely criticized a lot of politicians, including trump, who are financially supported by the nra, though her emotional voice apparently didn't reach the oval office.
come to think of it, michael moore, who produced a controversial film titled 'bowling for columbine' in 2002, should make a sequel: a documentary with a candid interview directed towards donald trump.
i spoke with my boss after work and informed him that i will be resigning next month.
i feel terribly sorry but i think it is necessary for me to improve my programming skills.
please let me know your valuable opinions and suggestions about the translation.
in the eye-catching figure skating competition, japanese skater yuzuru hanyu, previously suffering through injury, again competed against top skaters from all over the world and won the gold medal in the end.
he is the first men singles figure skater to win the olympic championship twice in a row in the past 66 years.
another japanese skater, shoma uno, earned the silver medal while the previous world champion spanish skater, javier fernandez, took the bronze medal.
i reserved an apartment for this trip.
i thought that the house would be small for 5 people. it wasn't. it was the right size for us.
when we arrived at the apartment then we realized that the apartment was pretty good, surrounded by mountains and trees. a very quiet place and more important, that all of us have a bed. it is awesome to me.
i'm going to tell them "group spirit ".
they always like to belong to some groups so that they can have a sense of solidarity and feel that they're not alone..
as a result, they look all similar, in their clothes and hairstyle.....
of course, they assert their individual personalities but they don't stand out in such an environment where everyone is heading in the same direction.
i think it will be better for students to wait until the second or third year to choose a major field of study.
i don't think that many students know exactly what they want to study before they go to a university or a college.
actually many people are adrift, not knowing what they want to do with their life.
but months later, i realized i was not interested in it at all.
i hated reading mountains of cases.
i was so depressed every day.
also since i began speaking english, i've had many opportunities to talk with many foreign friends as well.
i also met some american people, and i talked about the relationship between america and the uk with some american friends and british friends.
the first time, i thought it was quite strange that both of them were complaining each other.
i was wondering why they hate each other.
because they're kinda kin.
but one day my american friend told me that around the 18th century, there was a war between america and the uk and eventually america left the uk and that day is called "independence day".
i assume that this history is quite famous but personally i didn't know about this incident.
so it slightly made sense that they don't like each other, although some parts still don't make sense to me.
i think it is because japan doesn't have any relationship like between america and the uk so i can't even imagine having another nation that speaks japanese.
however, i do say it is sad that they don't like their kind-of kin.
and eventually, they say, 'even though british people said it's " proper english", i don't accept it and ours is better".
on the contrary, british people say, "their slang is cheesy, and our english is way better and "proper" '.
a pop singer came to the celebration marking the 80th anniversary of the founding of my high school.
i still remember that the students kept screaming during his performance.
at the end of the performance, many students were so excited that they threw their stuff into the air and rushed to the stage.
all you can drink for 120 minutes!
today i couldn't access the disk in my computer.
i thought it might be the problem with cable, so i decided to buy a new one today.
i wanted to leave early so i could come home earlier, so i set my arlam clock for seven a.m.
the shops selling computer stuff are almost all closed, because it's almost the chinese new year. they all went back to their hometown.
i saw only one open shop.
the clerks called me in.
they bought me a new cable and tried it in their own computer, but it failed.
the clerk thought i might have boughten fake disk.
it's difficult to tell just by looking at it.
i finally bought a new one which cost 400 yuan.
today i my computer couldn't access my disk.
i thought it might be the problem with the cable, so i decided to buy a new one today.
they brought me a new cable and tried it in their own computer, but it still failed.
it turned out that his guess was right.
in the end, i bought a new one which cost 400 yuan.
i washed curtains today.
last year, i had a chain problem, and now, my bicycle had a brake problem.
since the sound of the brakes was so loud, some people turned around and tried to see what happened to me.
i thought that i caused the noise problem, so i finally went to a bicycle shop to get my bicycle fixed.
the shop owner was very good at his work, so it took him only five minutes to put oil on parts of brakes and also check the other parts of my bicycle.
my husband and i went to hokkaido to take pictures of steam locomotives.
it was a 3 nights 4 days trip.
i checked in to the hotel at 20:30.
and i feel really disappointed that i couldn't express my idea clearly.
i usually look up to someone who can speak a foreign language fluently.
though i've learned english and chinese for years, my language skill, especially in speaking is still poor.
because i work for a trading company, there are a lot of opportunities to communicate with foreign people.
dancing hip-hop is my hobby.
i am going to wear sport clothes tomorrow to do sport at the welfare facilities.
i am going to buy something to give my mother at the covenience store.
i am going to wear sport clothes tomorrow because i'm going to play some sports at the welfare facility.
i am going to buy something at the convenience store to give to my mother.
to-infinitive and beyond!
to dance hip-hop is my hobby.
i am going to wear sport clothes tomorrow to do sport at the welfare facility.
i am going to buy something to give my mother at that covenience stor.
i am going to wear the sport clothes tomorrow to exercise at the welfare facilities.
i am going to buy something at the convenience store to give my mother.
i have had few opportunities to use english since i graduated from university.
my current job doesn't require any english skills, so i don't have to study english.
however, since i have studied english for a long time, i don't want to waste my effort.
also, i'm thinking about quitting my current job and get a job that requires english skills.
i don't have much time to study because i'm working, but i'll try to continue studying again and improving my english skills.
i read two books over the past two weeks, and it was quite fun.
by the way, i bought a book when i was in the uk, but i haven't finished it because reading books in english takes me forever.
this is my new resolution for this year!
moreover, this bad effect lasts until the next day.
i think staying awake late is against human nature.
i can concentrate on my work.
why learn grammar?
grammar has four attributes:
first, it's knowledge about the language.
second, it's the ability to use the language.
third, it's a system of rules that helps us talk about the language.
fourth,it's the attitude and mindset or the way of thinking about language itself.
we can usually "do" grammar automatically because we have gained tons of knowledge about it since childhood.
if our knowledge of grammar is weak, people around us might feel uncomfortable and use a lot of energy to understand us, or worse, be biased towards us.
if you know grammar well, you can convey your thoughts clearly.
pain is partly similar to weather.
to save energy in our everyday life, we should use water conservatively.
i like shiina ringo who is a musician from japan.
she directed the promotion of the tokyo olympics in the rio olympics closing ceremony.
her music has a special air and i especially love her song's lyrics.
art school
today i went to my art school to show my last piece for my current art class.
i have started it over four times and i am fed up with it.
so, before going to school, i decided that if she didn't like my fourth design, i would change the whole thing.
i was very happy even though i still have to work on it some more.
i think i will probably take my last class in the spring.
i can't wait!
are there any good synonyms to the phrase:
are there any good synonyms for the phrase:
this argument could be partially correct; however, it seems that the role of extended families remains crucial in some asian countries, such as japan and china.
in eastern asian society, there has been a trend towards birth rates decreasing over the years, as many families have only one or no child.
even in china, there has been a one-child policy lasting from the 1980s to 2017.
cousins could be the closest play partners for the only children's childhood.
during my childhood and puberty, i frequently suffered from feeling lonely as so did many other 'only children'.
we spent plenty of time together, just like siblings.
a similar situation exists widely in other only child families.
growing from children to elder, the aged people may face a situation in which nobody takes care of them because they have only one child or sometimes none.
in japan, elders without children has become a significant social issue in the country.
in that case, relatives, in an extended family, could be very critical to take care of each other and help others when they have difficulties.
although asian countries have shifted to an individualized society to a certain level, traditional culture still plays a vital role in the society.
we can easily find high quantities of family-owned business in some regions, such as hk.
looking at the structure of those business, we can find out that those enterprises mainly depend on extended families.
the role of the extended families may vary from country to country.
in some western societies, the extended families might have become less important.
however, the extended families still are very significant in asian society.
one of the students of our english class told us about her travel to spain.
a: i stayed for four nights and six days in spain.
a: with my three friends.
a: of course, it was sagrada familia, which is a world heritage.
b: by the way, how much did the travel cost?
one of the students in my english class told us about her trip to spain.
b: how many days were you there?
where did you go in spain?
b: what's the time difference between japan and spain?
a: tokyo is eight hours ahead of madrid.
a: it was la sagrada familia, of course, which is a world heritage site.
i absolutely recommend it!
b: by the way, how much did the trip cost?
suddenly,i felt lethargic today.
i couldn't understand the reason.
i should probably change my way of thinking.
i suddenly felt lethargic today.
i got the bill for a book that i bought online the other day, but i'd forgotten to pay it, so i paid it at a convenience store today.
right now, i'm busy with my work and don't have time to read the book.
right now, i'm watching the olympic games with my wife.
it's a curling game.
it's a very exciting game.
unfortunately, i couldn't take a pay leave afternoon.
but i left on time which was good progress for me.
because my eyes hurt a lot.
i may well have an eye infection.
i might well go to see an eye doctor.
today i sat near to a big monitor to see my excel sheets clearly and to protect my eyes.
sometimes i wonder if they were really working in the daytime?
i started to doubt it.
i was sure they had a good relationship so that they could work together smoothly.
i'm not interested in it and i don't want to work on it because skill is the only thing i can trust.
"never ever make friends with your co-worker" is one of my job morals.
everyone hates it when someone cuts them off on the highway.
if i hadn't seen it on the internet, i wouldn't have known.
yesterday, i listened to the slowest song ever and almost fell asleep to it.
being the most motivated, we were almost always chattering in italian.
i had a hard training n ajaccio.
the following year, in privas, i had some experience.
my students that i taught from one class to another for 4 years were learning a lot.
what more could i have asked?
i tried to make my classes interesting by choosing the most attractive readings in textbooks and commenting on them, enthusiastically, like an actor playing a one-man show on the stage.
however, i regularly gave them lessons to learn, homework to do, and heavy revisions to prepare them for their quarterly tests.
after ten years, i had a feeling that i was perpetually playing the same comedy..
a prisoner can go about his business in his cell, whereas i was bound to speak non-stop, while supervising my class.
i often had a sore throat.
the last year, in february 1964, i contracted a more serious illness: a rheumatoid purpura, which paralyzed me almost for a whole term, involving several doctors, leaving me bedridden for a long time and requireing a series of injections.
some colleagues encouraged me to come back, while i was just recovering.
i had attended a training course in paris for it.
it was a risk i had to take!
i was a strict, demanding, respected teacher.
i tried to make my classes interesting by choosing the most attractive readings in textbooks and commenting on them dramatically, like an actor playing a one-man show on the stage.
bullying in my workplace
i'm annoyed by bullying in my workplace.
the bullying is conducted through both email and direct talking to me.
when i am bullied at work, i usually lose my willingness to work in spite of having a pile of work to do.
i don't have the confidence to stay normal if the bullying would continue for about five or six years before i retire...
scamper on - what does it mean mean?
i participated in five meetings and wrote four reports.
in addition, today was parents visiting day.
i've never experience such a busy week.
i wondered if it would go well.
finally the weekend came.
i don't know why, but i remembered about my friend's ripped t-shirt that he asked me to fix when i was in the meeting.
i worked at a tech industry event as a temporary employee.
my job was very simple: scanning visitors' bar-code in the holder hanging from their neck.
where ever they went, stopping by booths, attending sessions, recieveing samples from promotional models etc. their bar-code was sccaned.
the organizer of the event will collect the data to find out what kind of people were interested in a which product.
the companies can analyze the data to develop their products so that they can meet the customer's demand.
the visitor's behavior was monitered through this scanning.
the organizer of the event will collect the data to find out what kind of people were interested in which product.
then, they will give information to the sponsors, like tech companies.
new phrase from bbt3-10
today's new phrase is "weird out".
i already knew "weird" as meaning strange.
i heard the idiom in the following sentence:
"if you come to see my experiment in the lab, it might weird you out."
wolwitz's girlfriend had asked leonard to go to his lab to see the experiment.
wolwitz didn't like it so he ordered leonard not to show her the experiment.
the days kept passing by, and we children were becoming more mature and older. we were developing the ability to think, to ask, and to decide.
my cousins were growing even more independent and choosy with each rising and setting of the sun.
pinkey had now reached grade 8 too, which means it was time for our elders to stop her formal education.
to the contrary, they appeared even more traditional and narrow-minded.
she willingly accepted the cage of the prevailing belief that girls over 14 are supposed to stay at home and help with household chores.
every day i thought about my education and restrictions on my life.
the cold, wet sand on the bank was like dew on the grass.
my father bought a big tiramisu.
i think it is over one kilogram.
it's delicious, but i think i'll get tired of it after eating half.
when will cherry blossoms bloom this spring?
it's about time i'm interested in that.
according to the cherry blossom forecast by a weather forecast company, cherry blossoms are expected to start blooming at the same time as an average year or a little earlier in most cities.
the forecast was announced yesterday following january 25th and february 8th.
an english version is also prepared.
in the recipe, i was supposed to boil the stew for thirty minutes
but, i wanted to eat it early.
so, i boiled it for only half of the time.
although their english skills will improve, they might not be able to graduate because they may not have had enough time to study other subjects.
i attended a workshop where the attendees practiced delivering a presentation in english.
although their english skills will improve, they might not be able to graduate because they may not have enough time to study other subjects.
i attended a workshop where the participants practice their presentation skills in english.
once you meet a man and you realize, he is yours!
you adore his thoughts, his eyes, the way he speaks...
his every word and action... and you know! he has the same feelings.
you must have a future. or.you must have a future together.
but, suddenly, awfully stupid things start to happen...
and both of you have to hide your feelings and desires
higashine city is located in the north of japan, and surrounded by middle-sized mountains.
some manufacturing companies' factories are here.
our town is famous for "fu", which is a breadlike food made of wheat gluten.
i sometimes stew it with potatoes, beef, carrots, and onions, and then season it with soy source.
he's sure they're enjoying the fine weather and the laid-back lifestyle there.
hmm! the expression "laid-back lifestyle" is an english idiom.
i have had a sore throat since the past few days.
i also received nebulizer treatment at the nearby ent clinic, which did me a lot of good.
i have had a sore throat
i also received a nebulizer treatment at the nearby ent clinic, which helped me out a lot.
i've been tempted to keep my household inhaler close at hand.
we make different choices in our life.
for example, we can choose our field of study at university, our job, our city for living in, our partner, etc.
no doubt, some of choices can affect your whole life and others are less important.
don't you think it's kind of playing with the word "freedom"?
what a complicated vita we have!
we met each other for the first time one autumn night.
after that, we said good-bye each other.
that is making me sad.
the days kept passing by and all we children were getting more mature and older, developing the ability to think, ask, and decide.
for example, i have decided that i will do my intermediate in commerce, not in medicine or engineering.
the days kept passing by and we all were getting more mature and older, developing the ability to think, ask, and decide.
pinkey had now reached grade 8 too, which means it was time for our elders to stop her formal education.
my brother and i felt sorry for her, but all the elders felt it was a right decision.
every day i thought about my education and the restrictions on my life.
water kept pouring from the sink and the soap had slipped into it, and i was lost in thought with a plate in my hands.
i have to go to a race with my brothers.
i remembered sometimes azeem and i used to have a race on the bank of the river indus when father used to take us out.
i have to write a hypothetical letter of application for the post of a camp monitor in a summer camp, so the information i give in the writing is not all real information about me.
i am writing to apply for the post of a camp monitor in your day and residential summer camp as advertised on your webpage.
i have also led a young team in a sports competition for children aged 10.
for these reasons, i believe i would be suitable for the job advertised, as apart from my experience, i always try to make sure children enjoy doing activities or working as team.
i have been in shanghai with my family for almost two years but we will leave here this may.
as a memorable thing, we stayed in the hotel near the bund for one day on the chinese new year.
i found that a travel agency offered one night stay including dinner buffet, breakfast and one drink in the hotel bar at 150 dollars.
i thought that was a good price as staying in the hotel because it's usually expensive around bund.
the hotel that we stayed in was pretty good.
it had a nice bar at the top floor, a swimming pool and a gym.
my daughter and i enjoyed swimming and my wife exercised
after that we had dinner. there were a lot of dishes in the restaurant, so my daughter was very happy and ate a lot.
we stayed there for a long time. there was a bar there, but the bar did not allow my daughter to enter.
that was why my wife and i took turns having a glass of beer at the bar.
it was really good and we enjoyed the beautiful night view of bund.
i had worked there for almost 12 years.
i liked working at there.
a lots of the elderly residents pass away because they're sick or from old age.
i hope i'll like it as much as i like nursing care work.
hello, i'm su hee han
i'm 12 years old
i like playing the piano and drawing pictures, and finally
these days i mainly made things
i am not good at english but i want to learn a lot.
we may not be able to communicate well...
thank you for reading.
he seemed to be happy, too.
i am learning english
but i should study more
so difficult..
you will have a nice day
i studied english today.
you will have a nice day
akito watanabe won the silver medal in the nordic combined.
all his athletic events ended yesterday.
at the time, his coach said that watanabe broke his ribs just before the olympic games.
when he was interviewed, he did not give any excuses.
at that time, his coach said that watanabe broke his ribs just before the olympic games.
when he was interviewed, he did not make any excuses.
we took a taxi to my friend's house after leaving the airport.
the roads were so dusty that the taxi seat was dusty too. on the whole, it wasn't so clean.
perhaps, i think it has changed a lot now, because my information is old.
anyway, this is the story that i experienced more than 20 years ago.
istanbul is divided into european side and the asian side by bosporus, and the european side is divided into the old town and the new town.
our taxi was crossing second bosphorus bridge and entered the new town.
her apartment was located in a quiet residential area. it was hard to believe it had been so noisy until then.
when we arrived at her house, i was surprised that it was very big.
i had heard that people transferred overseas become able to have a rich life compared to people living in japan.
somehow it seemed true.
there were many rooms and bathrooms for visitors in her house.
i told her, "what a big house!
cleaning is hard, right?"
"no, a housekeeper comes once a week."
you are lucky."
we talked a lot, and i went to bed early that day in the big guest room.
the roads were very dusty, the dust was falling on the seat of the taxi too. it wasn't so clean overall.
istanbul is divided into the european side and the asian side by the bosporus, and the european side is divided into the old town and the new town.
our taxi was crossing the second bosphorus bridge and entered the new town.
when we arrived at her house, i was surprised because it was very big.
i knew i would have a chance to see some pyramids including that of the famous tutankhamen and his golden mask and valuable burial objects.
actually, seeing things related to tutankhamen was my original aim.
but at the moment when i saw the pyramid of ramses ii, i kind of fell in love with him.
well, definitely he must have been a fashionable and handsome man! the only thing i didn't like about him was that he had hundreds of imperial concubines.:p
the end.
i knew i would have a chance to see some pyramids, including the tomb of the famous tutankhamen and his golden mask and valuable burial objects.
actually, seeing tutankhamen's things was my original aim at first.
but at that moment, while i saw the pyramid of ramses ii, i kind of fell in love with him.
well, he definitely must have been a fashionable and handsome man! the only thing i didn't like about him was that he had hundreds of imperial concubines.:p
i love chinese dumplings.
what kinds of foods do you want to eat before you die pretty soon?
indeed, i probably eat chinese dumplings in bed.
people will die someday, so i think that people have to enjoy life.
what do you think of it?
i imagine that japanese people don't enjoy their lives, and japan's policy is confusing as always.
i wake up and clean my room. then, i go to my job that takes about 8 hours. after i finish my job, i go to a toy store to buy some puppets for my daughter.
i should be studying and putting in more effort to listening and pronunciation of english.
i review how to study and have to change how to study english.
i am going to study every night for about 5 minutes, especially pronunciation and listening.
i have to put effort to improve them.
the days kept passing by and all of us children were getting more mature and older, developing the ability to think, ask, and decide.
pinkey had now reached grade 8 too, which meant it was time for our elders to stop her formal education.
on the contrary, they appeared more traditional and narrow-minded.
she accepted the prevailing belief that girls over age 14 were supposed to stay at home and help with the household chores.
my brother and i felt sorry for her, but all other elders felt it was the right decision.
every day i thought about my education and restrictions in my life.
i have to race my brothers.
we bet 50 rupees.
how dared he say such a thing?
i felt embarrassed and quickly took the soap out of water, and closed the tap.
i remember sometimes azeem and i used to race at the bank of the river indus when father used to take us out.
i don't like two of my colleagues in my department.
they have the worst relationships at this workplace.
hifumi never does any work at this office.
reach is always abusing his colleagues, and he is always showing his power and his lack of knowledge.
he is pretty funny and a liar.
i felt annoyed when i was talking with him about our duties.
com, a start-up fintech company in china that is dedicated to improving the financial industry by using artificial intelligence technologies.
do you understand how i feel about you?
i bet that you don't realize how i feel about you, because you don't know me even though i know you.
it's a typical falling in love situation in japan.
glasses look good on you, i think.
i want to see your face and i want to meet you every day.
i want to hug you all day long.
"it was her third world cup title and the 29-year-old celebrated by announcing her engagement to be married in her acceptance speech."
you can go out through exit number 2.
are you leaving on sunday?
my daughter picks up the slack when i have a lot of work at home.
in her case, all the students in her class were jumping rope at the same time.
in a competition that will be held soon at her school, her class will compete against other classes to see which class can jump rope the largest number of times.
my colleagues picked up the slack when i got the flu and took time off from work.
by the way, my daughter hurt her neck yesterday.
her neck was still bright red when she got home.
today, the long red mark on her neck makes it look like she's wearing a neckless.
in her case, all the students in her class were jumping a big jump rope at the same time.
in a competition that will be held soon at her scool, classes compete against each other over how many times all the students of a class can jump together.
i often rely on my daughter to pick up the slack with household chores.
she sometimes helps me fold the laundry.
today, the long mark on her neck makes it look like she's wearing a necklace.
he took the "spring exam" through which he can only go to a vocational college instead.
we hope that he can go to a better college, but we can't force him to do things he doesn't want to do.
my nephew has nothing to do before he goes to college.
we are all worried that he will do something not good, since he has a very long time to do anything he likes.
i am an indecisive aunt.
my nephew will graduate from high school this june.
we are all worried about whether he will do something not good or not, since he has a very long time to do anything he likes.
i visited tokyo disney sea for the first time.
most people say that they are too busy to read books, but i think they can make time to read books if they really try.
in japan, an increasing number of fathers spend a lot of time on weekends taking care of their children.
on our way back home, we got caught in a rain shower and were completely soaked.
i like sandwiches very much.
my favorite one is called "hamutamago sand".
it has ham and boiled egg.
what is the secret to writing continuously on this website?
i would like to ask this question to the members who have continued to write.
i can not regularly find materials to write about.
i think it is important to strive, but recently, i have had no motivation.
i can't bear to watch him.
he sits with his legs crossed on his chair while licking his finger.
i've decided to practice english conversation.
so, i took an english conversation class today for the first time.
i think it's more difficult to speak english than read.
i think one reason is that i haven't practiced speaking much.
i hope i can speak english quite well by next year.
accidents causing injury or death happen again and again
this morning, my smartphone alerted me that information had been delivered
it said there was a delay of the trains i usually take.
there was an accident causing injury or death in the early morning.
accidents causing injury or death often happen with this rail road company.
recently, our school has been a lot of fun.
i have a lot of friends who have a good sense of humor. they often tell jokes and reply with jokes.
now pyeongchang olympics are being held.
japanese figure skaters, yuzuru hanyu and shoma uno, won the gold medal and the silver medal.
i watch their performances many times.
i like to give presents. for example, birthday presents, souvenirs, and letters.
when i was a junior high school student, i gave birthday presents for my parents with my own money.
i like the time when i wait till the day that i give it.
a doctor and a patient were talking:
if you have a strong will, you can do anything, even the thing you don't think you can do.
the doctor tried to persuade him with passion.
i won't understand you at all!
if you have a strong will, you can do anything even things you don't think you can do.
my senior class has its graduation ceremony next week.
i could cry because i am so sad.
i am going to tell my heart for thanking.
i was thinking about how to become a saiyan.
did you continue to play this from the last time?
when losing, some people speak bad words to their opponents.
i hope those persons would keep their dignity.
i feel confused because i found out that what i have been doing was a waste of time.
i am tired of looking for a new research topic, but i have to do it.
maybe, i am not suited for research.
i watched the women's figure skating this afternoon.
two japanese skaters entered the competition.
unfortunately, neither of them could win a medal, but they gave a great performance.
miyahara won fourth place and sakamoto won 6th place.
so i like to use "win" for olympic medals.
two japanese skaters were in the competition.
unfortunately, either of them couldn't win a medal, but they showed great performance.
miyahara won the fourth place and sakamoto won the 6th place.
so, i'd like to use the word 'win' for olympic medals.
it was sunny and comfortable.
i saw some flowers outside so i felt spring is coming.
there were a lot of plants that are similar to sakura.
i took a lot of pictures of the place.
man: you're an hour late.
my house has 4 floors.
there's a living room and a dining room, 3 bathrooms, 3 bedrooms and two dogs.
i live in viet nam. i'm 20 years old and i'm a student.
i think i will take a break now.
can you go with me and take video for the evening?
why are you leaving for berlin?
it is now only 7 a.m., but the sun shines very warmly.
this will be a good day.
do you think there will be many people at the party?
just now, one of my friends made a profession of love to me....
i am sooooo nervous now, almost panicked......
btw, i have passed the first test of the postgraduate entrance examination and will keep preparing for the second interview, which will happen next week.
everyone has something they're good at or bad at.
every time i pronounced them wrong, my friend corrected me on skype.
i couldn't pronounce them very well because both of them are japanese katakana words and i pronounced them as japanese words.
i asked him if there was a good way to memorize correct pronunciation, and then he told me to remember "atlantic" when i say "lantern" and "eventually" when i say "event."
his advice worked well and recently, i've been able to pronounce them better than before.
that's why people tend to write in the present tense.
dear sir or madam,
i am interested in your advertisement in university of alicante and i would like to have further information about the types of jobs available in florida.
i am 19 years of age and am studying at a law school.
i would be grateful if you could provide full details of jobs related to law, as well as information on the kinds of accommodations available in florida.
i would be delighted if i could share a room with a native student.
i also would like to know about the cost of the service you provide and if the cost of the flight is included.
lastly, could you clarify if a work permit is required to spend the summer in the usa?
i look forward to receiving this information.
surprisingly, we also did not have mcdonalds or starbucks.
water was from the mountains behind the house.
additionally, we had a huge field for rice and vegetables.
in contrast, i did not know how to read books, the clock, or tell left from right.
in primary school, i had only four classmates, therefore i did not feel a gap between us, even though i did not know the basics.
it took me a long time to understand addition.
the teacher explained it to me using pictures of apples and asked me to count how many apples there are.
however, one apple and two apples are the same shape.
i wondered why two of 1 transform into 2.
1+0 was even more difficult to understand.
i did not feel bored without things such as amusement parks or karaoke bars.
this piqued my creativity and lead me to cherish old materials.
i faced poverty for the first time when i was in my last year of middle school.
i talked to my mother about high school, and then found out that my family could not send me to high school because of our financial situation.
from high school onwards, the cost of tuition rises.
unfortunately, in japan, you have to wait until you turn eighteen years old to go to college, even if you have passed the examination.
indeed, my work has seeded my interest in learning traditional cultures and i started studying cultural anthropology.
from my study, i realized that the best way to understand my own culture is to look at it from the outside.
i believe that education cannot be completed only through school, so i am using my life experiences as well as school subjects to educate myself.
since i started my first semester, i have been enjoying that classmates give me different influences, perspectives, and motivation.
it creates a good environment to improve my skills.
i feel like my room looks like garbage some days.
my mind is the same kind of thing too.
a suspension bridge hanging over precipitous cliffs.
the rope is likely to snap even now.
if even a small child should cross it, it will immediately snap.
recently, i started walking for my health and to burn fat.
according to a web site, walking before a breakfast is the most effective for improved health.
furthermore, having a banana or a cup of coffee before walking will promote burning fat.
in particular, it says that we should not have too much fruit because fructose will prevent fat burning.
there are many different opinions on whether to spend free time outdoors or indoors.
personally, i prefer to spend my free time outdoors because it is advantageous for several reasons, which i will explore in the following essay.
with the development of technology, we can work overtime and during the holidays.
in addition, these days, electric devices have become more convenient.
you don't need to go out even if you have things to do.
however, i prefer to spend time outdoors.
for example, i used to work for an it company.
therefore, i wanted to do exercise when i had time.
so i played football on the weekend when i had time.
as a result, i change my habits and was able to refresh my brain by working out with my friends.
secondly, moderate exercise develops our body and mind, and stimulates the circulation of blood.
i was into watching tv series on netflix.
it was quite good.
nevertheless, i was gaining weight and becoming less fit.
i got tired easily because i didn't work out.
i have improved my body since i start trying to exercise.
i'm going to write a summary of one of the short stories by japanese sci-fi writer shinich hoshi.
a inventor thinks he finally made the greatest invention of his career.
the new invention is a pillow which can make user learn anything he wants to learn while asleep.
it can apply knowledge from the data base into the sleeper's brain by way of electromagnetic wave.
this pillow is a prototype, so right now, it has only the data base of the english language.
he lends this prototype to a next door neighbour who is eager to learn english but dislikes effort.
the neighbor gets excited about this and takes it home.
two months later, the neighbour comes to the inventor's home with the pillow, and says that it hasn't worked because he still can't speak english at all.
the inventor gets disappointed by this and gives up on his invention, wondering what is wrong with it.
an inventor thinks he finally made the greatest invention of his career.
the new invention is a pillow which can make users learn anything  to learn during sleep. the new invention is a pillow which can make users learn anything they want to learn during sleep.
two months later, the neighbour comes to the inventor's home with the pillow, and says that this hasn't worked after all because he can't speak english at all.
she replies, "he's all right, except strangely he talks in english in his sleep and that scares his family."
he lends this prototype to a neighbour next door who are eager to learn english but dislikes efforts.
however, my friend couldn't go on the school trip because she had the flu.
so other friends and i bought gifts for her.
we gave them to her, and she was very glad.
being japanese means something different here for me.
but i would say that i just feel a bit sad that i became their friends just because of my nationality.
i went on a school trip to nagano prefecture and tokyo for four days.
i am used to traveling, but my arrival at the airport was delayed due to the closure of the highway, so i panicked a bit.
i always use in-flight service on the airplane.
however, audio trouble occurred on the plane on my return trip.
although the arrival was delayed, i am glad that i was able to return home safely.
after leaving an advertising company, i went to australia for a working holiday for almost 1 year.
due to the long stay, i decided to change my field of work and find a job in international sales.
during the period, we coordinated with a client to develop a new project and product.
besides, we also worked with other departments to develop in house projects to increase production capacity and we received good feedback from our clients.
i went to kyushu to meet a friend who is leaving japan next month.
we met up at hakata, and after that across the ariake sea by ferry, and went to their town.
maybe some people says it's strange, but we used a lot of public transportation, so that's why i felt like that.
maybe it's only me, but even if it takes the same time i felt that using public transportation takes longer than going in the car
we made a list of what to do for this trip.
to see the beautiful mountains and sea.
to enjoy famous festivals.
we've completed it.
it felt like we were playing an rpg game and it was really fun!
maybe some people would say it's strange, but we used many public transportation, so that's why i felt like that.
maybe only i feel like that, but even if it takes the same time i felt that using different kinds of transportation is longer than using the car.
we felt like playing rpg game and it was really fun!
shibuya has a lot of night clubs, including brothels.
the main area for prostitutes is dogenzaka, which is only eight to ten minutes from shibuya station.
however, if you would like to play with a porn star, also known as an av actress, it will cost sixty thousand to three hundred thousand yen for fifty minutes to three hours.
i' m going to explain about a local delicacy to foreigners by using three sentences below.
so, please tell me which is the best one and correct all of them.
so, please tell me which is the best one about sentence no. 1 and correct all the sentences below.
i'm going to explain a local delicacy to foreigners using the three sentences below.
so, please correct them! but for number 1, please teach me which is the better sentence too.
i have been sleepy this week, so i'm very tired.
i want to escape, however i'll get over the pain of the situation.
the crying baby began to laugh with great guffaws, "heehaw!heehaw!"
in order to improve my english, i began to try to read the house on mango street.
when i first read the passage, i was deeply moved.
and then i printed it out.
as a result, i made a question list.
wake up drunk on sky?
not enough sky?
raggedy excuses?
keep keeping?
by the way,can you tell me how to ask the questions in english in a polite and clear way?
when we want my friends to have hope, or if we want to encourage someone who is going through hardships in life, i agree with that telling a lie is good.
i told him,
however, my lies made him study harder than before.
a few weeks later, he was able to get a higher score.
the philosopher's stone is a legendary alchemical substance capable of turning a base metal such as mercury into gold.
the squared circle is an alchemical symbol from the 17th century, illustrating the interplay of the four elements of matter, and symbolising the philosopher's stone.
they were even seen as having paranormal powers which enabled them to practice all sorts of magic styles.
the use of technology seems like an act of alchemy.
there are four seasons in japan, so we often talk about which season is the best but actually, i barely have a favorite season.
in spring, i get hay fever so i will feel like i have a cold and feel itchy for about three months.
in summer, there are a lot of interesting events but it's just hot, humid, and uncomfortable.
fall is the only season that i like!
nice weather!
as for winter, i hate the cold and it is boring after new years.
i suppose there are only a few days during the year in japan when i can feel comfortable from the bottom of my heart.
of course it depends on where you live though.
it is a flash card.
you can enter a word and its definition into it.
you can also test your memory with it.
after work, i relaxed by watching tv in my room.
could you please check the below sentences??
i had a meeting with my superior.
thank you for your time during our session.
i learned these things.
people have some situations which are stressful or put them in bad moods.
i should clarify what i can do for the company from overseas.
during today's session:
i have to give a strong impression in 2 minutes of talking.
home work:
what will i learn in an overseas office?
what will i study in an overseas office?
how will i contribute to the company when i return from overseas?
i said that i liked english, but she said that i liked math.
i felt that i was going to black-out, so i told that my mom should call 119.
i had a lot of different checkups for five hours, but there was nothing wrong with my brain and body.
since then, i got into the habit of not locking the bathroom door at home, just in case.
i'm living with my mom, and it's dangerous if i lose consciousness leaving the bathroom door locked.
after that, i realized that death is close to us.
i blacked out and was taken to the hospital by ambulance last october.
i felt that i might black out, so i told my mom to call 911.
over the next five hours, the doctors ran a number of tests, but they failed to find anything wrong with my brain or body.
since then, i've gotten into the habit that i don't lock bathroom door at home, just in case.
i'm living with my mom, and it could be dangerous if i lose consciousness in the bathroom with the door locked.
i felt like i was going to black out, so i told my mom to call 119.
i underwent many kinds of tests for five hours, but there was nothing wrong with my brain or body.
since then, i've gotten into the habit of not locking the bathroom door at home, just in case.
i'm living with my mom, and it's dangerous if i lose consciousness with the bathroom door locked.
i don't know what could happen while taking a shower or going to the toilet.
which do you like to live better, in the city or the countryside?
if you catch a cold and need medicine, clinics and drugstores are all within walking distance.
as many people, who didn't learn english with a teacher and learn english by themselves, i'm faced with a lot of problems.
i have a good vocabulary, i am sure.
however, i am not sure that if i writing something, i will write it correctly.
essay is the one form of communications in english, can someone advise live chat or something in order to have more practice?
it's been a long time since i've talked positively in a journal.
as you know if you read my journals, i tend to post about topics that are serious, dark and heavy.
apparently, this is because i'm a pessimist and have a negative outlook on my life.
however, i've posted about positive things occasionally.
most of them have been ones in which i write about situations where i had been for drinks with my friends.
after we meet up, we will go to a cheap yakitori restaurant.
foreign people don't eat it very often.
i'm sure i can enjoy the time.i'm going to enjoy it very much.
i drink a lot of lovely beer, have much funny conversation with my friends and forget my pain for a little while.drinking a lot of beer, and making good conversation with my friends makes me forget my pain for a little while.
walking on the rails that someone laid for you.
i quote a famous phrase below:
"don't walk on the rails which someone else laid for you."
this phrase means that you cannot become truly happy while you are living a life according to someone else's expectations.
your parents might expect that you graduate from a top-notch university and enter a big company, despite your true dream which is to become a professional soccer player.
if you choose your parents' path, your pain begins.
my parents expect that i walk such a way.
i'm happy enough.
am i really happy?
why can't i feel strong and solid passion inside to work everyday?
feels like spring is really coming.
they are so touching.
before i read one of his poetry collections. i thought he loved life, and was rooted in real life.
yesterday i read his other collection of poetry.
he roots himself in real life, in his way.
feels like his words really hit my heart.
such good poems.
here is the one poem i will try to translate.
even then will the flowers fall, and then the leaves
even then will i be only left with branch and branch
if birds want, they can go and build a nest on my hand
if kids want, they can climb to my head and steal the eggs away
say something of no importance
so, when i die, bury me into a tree
just thinking of that, i have already been overwhelmed by happiness
my close friend mark recounted to me a scary dream he had last night, of which the complex and appalling plot woke him up in horror and drove him to put it down in the early morning.
he sent me a long message, and i translated it as the following.
these days i have a problem with posture when i urinate.
all of my family except me urinate while sitting on the toilet.
so they want me to do that too.
they tell me that when men urinate while standing, it sprays everywhere.
i would really like to do it the way that they want me to, but if i do it that way, i don't do it properly.
curling
the japanese olympic curling members advanced to the final tournament in the pyeongchang olympics.
that was really great and many japanese hope that they will win and get a medal.
i like to watch curling.
it looks easy to play, but throwing techniques and having the best strategy at each end is important.
when i see a stone thrown by a player get fast and hit another stone making a big sound, and taking a better position, it reminds me of fighting sports.
tonight the japanese team plays a match against the korean team.
i do hope both will do the best.
i am an english learner.
i want to improve my english skills, but i don't have enough time.
i realize that one of the biggest difficulties for me is writing.
i have to admit that i am not a good writer in english or spanish.
some of my english teachers have told me that one way to improve my writing is to read a lot, whether the language is english or spanish.
the point is that i am not finding the inspiration to write.orthe point is that i can't find the inspiration to write.
what's worse is that i spend a lot time writing a simple texts.
i will try write a paragraph every day on lang-8.
sometimes, i feel a little jealous when i am correcting spanish text because some spanish learners have a perfect punctuation and grammar.
i hope some day i will be able to write in english without any trouble.
my difficulties
i don't like to read a lot, either, i just read the news in the mornings.
some of my english teachers have told me that one way to improve my writing is to read a lot, whether the language be english or spanish.
the point is that i don't have the inspiration to write.
unfortunately, i spend a lot of time writing simple texts.
i wil try to write a paragraph every day on lang-8.
sometimes, i feel a little jealous when i am correcting spanish texts because some spanish learners have a perfect punctuation and grammar.
i'm beginner at mirrorless camera photography.
recently my family gave one to me.
i have studied this type of camera since then.
i'm struggling to use the iso function especially.
it's a difficult problem.
the truth is cruel
people with bad personalities have success easily.
now, i'm having an vocal audition.
now, i'm having a vocal audition.
yesterday, a friend of mine patiently explained in english the concept of yin and yang.
obviously i've heard of it before, but i didn't know what exactly it was.
even though she was kind enough to try it many times, i couldn't really get it after all.
the thing is how to deal with them, and how to get rid of those evils."
yesterday, a friend of mine patiently explained yin and yang to me in english.
obviously i've heard of it before, but i didn't understand what exactly it is.
despite her being kind enough to try explaining it many times, i couldn't really get it in the end.
however, today, i came across an article about discrimination. it seemed unrelated, but when i read the last part of the article, it finally clicked.
the trick is in dealing with them-- how to get rid of those evils."
i'd obviously heard of it before, but i didn't know what exactly it was.
i have returned to this site for the first time in a year, but i can't find almost all the members on my friends list who have continued to write.
i never felt bored despite not having any friends there.
a granduncle of mine told me about science while at the park.
my extraordinary summer vacation flew by fast.
i think i should eat more vegetables, but recently they have been very expensive.
they might be more expensive than meat.
i don't want to gain any more weight.
therefore i want to manage nutrition that i take.
it's difficult to be on an ideal diet.
i think i should eat more vegetables, but recently that is expensive.
it might be more pricey than meat.
i don't want to gain more weight.
therefore i want to manage my nutrition.
it's difficult to eat an ideal diet.
i am thinking a name of the company which will be set up in kyoto, japan now.
it is run as a hotel in kyoto.
can the following names be understood?
which name sounds smarter?
please advise!
i am thinking about the name of a company which will i will set up in kyoto japan.
this company will be established to manage a hotel.
it's been a long time for me.
i have continued studying english but i'd forgotten this site for a long time.
my skills in english have not improved much...
8 years ago, i couldn't imagine where i would be living, nor what i am doing now!
i thought "why don't we go there together," and asked her.
i have been planning the schedule with combining our preferences because i like to plan everything.
i think it is going to be a lot of fun!
the emperor who had no clothes
however, the performance of our company is apparently not going so well this year.
i guess that our company will go into the red.
i have been asking my coworkers about their thoughts of our company's problems.
my company's president have two biggest problems.
first, he doesn't know how to put the right person for the right position.
secondly, he only likes the employees who always agree with him.
we call him ''the emperor who had no clothes'' behind his back.
every day i had to breed 16 beef cattle.
it was very hard, but it was also a good experience for me.
the experiment finished last january, so i'm in japan now.
by staying outside of japan, i realized that my english isn't good enough to make me understood.
if there is someone who wants to exchange languages with me, please send me a message.
i thought: "why don't i try to write down my introduction?".
i'm shin from chiba-ken.
i work for an advertising company as a sales man.
when i have free time, i study english, have yoga lessons, and go shopping.
during summer, i often go to the beach for surfing.
i've been passionate about english for a while actually, and i'm putting so much time in it.
i lived in canada for a year, that was two years ago.
as for my personality, i am really easygoing, i don't get mad at someone easily.
in the future, it will be a great progress if artificial intelligence translation is used to translate all languages into accurate text.
but the ambiguity in japanese is the beauty of the japanese culture.
human's translation capabilities are still excellent because human beings have feelings and emotions.
i have days off on saturday and sunday, but i will go to the ski area to go skiing.
she switched her staple food from bread to rice.
he was diagnosed with the flu.
my eldest son went to work this morning, but he came back home by order of his company even though he is very fine.
i might catch his flu, but i hope not.
one of them was "serenely" and he asked me if i knew the word.
i then said, "i sound well when i sound sleep!"
i hope everything is going well for you.
my husband caught the flu and he's absent from work.
his fever has been up and down since tuesday, but he thought it was just a cold, so he hadn't gone to see the doctor until yesterday.
my eldest son went to work this morning as usual, but as a precaution his company told him to return home, even though he feels fine.
i might catch his flu, but i really hope i won't.
by the way, while i was talking with a friend on skype, he told me a couple of new english words.
one of which was "serenely", and he asked if i knew it.
i am not sure how gun control plans out in the united states.
the gun industry in the us is way bigger than the movement, and the industry has been lobbying from a long time ago.
that is what makes me afraid of just jumping into a conversation without fearing the consequences.
moreover, i often feel i lack some words, especially adjectives and, of course, phrasal verbs.
i wanted to show off the fabric, so i changed the placement of the pattern pieces.
i made big pleats and a slit on the hem.
only one thing, the front has some pleats on the neckline and below the waistline.
the area was too narrow for me, so i reduced the amount of pleats to widen it.
anyway, the pattern makes everyone happy.
my car need to have an inspection once every 2 years in march.
unfortunately my wife's car has it in march as well.
this expense that we have to pay every two years in march is too high.
option a: 1 why do you say it was my fault?option b: 1 why do you say i am to blame?
4 it was not my intention to give that impression. i understand it was a mistake. however, regarding that gift as a bribe is too much. it was merely a mistake.
5 the current investigation might extend to the current vice-president, and perhaps even to the president himself.
due to the time difference, on this side of the world we watched those matches in two different days. however, in korea both games were played on the same day.
on the other hand, tonight is the lady's figure skating final. the short program was the day before yesterday, and today we will know who will win the medals.
6 and finally, i have tried to translate the next sentence to spanish, but i was not able to understand what it meant:
it was given as advice. i understand that one must not cut ties with his career too early. this can occur if we begin working in something very specialized or technical or different from what we decided to study in college.
you weren't even there to see the events!
4 it was not my intention to give that impression. i understand it was a mistake, but please, considering that gift as a bribe is too much - it was only a mistake.
6 none of my friends r or relatives watch the olympic games, t they are it missing great things. for example, yesterday there was an exciting curling game; switzerland defeated great britain - you should have seen that match. but today that swiss team was beaten by the swedish team.
but, because of the time difference, on this side of the world we watched those matches on two different days, although in korea, both games were played on the same day.
6 and finally, i have tried to translate the next sentence into spanish, but i was not able to understand what it means:
can you explain to me the meaning of that sentence, please?
it is advice. i understand that one must not cut out  possibilities for one's career too early and begin working in something very specialized or technical or different t from the career they decided to study in college
my taskload has been increasing, and paperwork has been piling up on my desk.
i tried to deal with it for a while, but i understood what i need is "low accuracy and high productivity." after i submit them, incomplete documents can be sent back to me.
then, i'll just revise them.
then, if there happen to be no mistakes in my document, one of my tasks will be finished!
then, i just need to revise them.
luckily, there are no mistakes in my document, so one of my tasks will be finished!
it was just a rushed job.
my hobby is to make electric devices.
i have made an electric device that can grow vegetables.
i want to be able to read english for programming electric devices.
the whole of the city was covered with snow, and it looked like a city composed of snow and stone.
i took part in a congress and learnt about many latest topics.
today one of my colleagues insisted that i buy a beer for him.
i was surprised that he hadn't drunk any liquor for the last year. because i was with him at the time, he asked me for a beer.
i bought only two bottles because i had thought that he wouldn't have the capacity to drink more than one.
we sat on the bed. i served the beer. he drank it very fast and told me that one bottle is not enough for me.
i was wrong. he had enough tolerance, so i gave him my half bottle and told him that tomorrow i will buy four bottles for you. he didn't feel good and at that point he took out half of the whisky bottle and told me to drink it because he didn't take whisky.
choose two quotes, rewrite them, explain why you chose them and how you interpret them.
i completely agree with that quote and i also try to live that way.
we have many obstacles in life which cause things such as sadness, pain, and disappointment
there will be people who cause those feelings for us, but we should hold our heads up high and smile and demonstrate humor in such situations.
i completely agree with that view.
we should give helping hands to those who need them.
i have left here for such a long time.
most of the hip hop songs that i've heard from the 90s are about how it felt to be a gangsta.
if you hadn't passed up the opportunity of going to the beach, your skin would be darker.
stitch fix, an online clothing store, has been getting popular in the us.
ai will select several pieces of clothing based on the input, then the stylists eventually narrow them down to five pieces for you.
you don't need to buy what you don't like, and you can send them back with free shipping.
they charge 20 dollars as a stylist fee when you order, but the fee will be refunded if you buy at least one product.
i dream of becoming a fashion designer.
that's what i used to think, so i didn't tell anyone.
one day, when i was catching up with one of my best friends, i told him my dream for the first time.
honestly, i thought he would laugh or make fun of my dream, so i said it like a joke to hide my embarrassment.
i was afraid of being laughed at for things i'm serious about, and deep down, i knew that it wasn't realistic.
i couldn't believe in myself.
besides, i haven't studied fashion design and i don't know anything about it at all right now.
his response was different than what i expected.
he didn't laugh at me, and believed in me.
when i got back home, i cried alone with happiness.
he made me realize that it's okay to talk about my dreams.
after that, i started to tell more people, and no one laughed.
putting your dreams into words might help them come true.
if that's the case, no one knows what will happen in the future, but i believe we should go on an adventure and do whatever we really want.
i'm still not standing at the start line, but i can say i'm heading toward my dream.
that's what i used to think, so i never told anyone.
one day, when i was catching up with him, i told him my dream for the first time.
his response was different from what i expected.
when i got back home i cried alone with happiness.
my dream is to become a fashion designer.
telling someone your dream is pretty embarrassing, isn't it?
however, one of my best friends made me think differently.
to be honest, i thought he would laugh or make fun of my dream, so i said it like a joke to hide my embarrassment.
besides, i haven't studied fashion design and i don't know anything about it at all right now.
he didn't laugh at me, he actually believed in me.
i was so happy.
when i got back home, i cried alone with happiness.
if that's the case, no one knows what will happen in the future, so i believe we should go on an adventure and do whatever we really want.
we shouldn't compromise and stay at jobs we don't love just because they're stable.
we sure are!
being so intensively interest in politics, i read newspaper articles, essays, and books about the field on a daily basis.
the writers always complainthat younger people prefer to do other activities rather than politics.
first of all, i began my analysis by reading different political programmes regarding distinct parties. what caught my attention was the completely absence of the teenagers in their programmes.
secondly, i asked my college mates about politics; this is not a scientific study, of course, but it can give some ideas to put a plan into action!
for instance, new laws with reference to colleges or apprenticeship.
teenagers will be engaged in politics like never before!
the boy was looking at me and smiled, shortly after that i feel in love with him. lol
i almost kidnapped him. lol
he boasted to me and showed me a star wars mask.
i wanted to play with him and be absent from school.lol
today english is the dominant language worldwide, being spoken by 1.8 billion people across five continents.
it is used in a wide variety of fields, from medicine to computing; not surprisingly, english is the most popular language to learn.
english is also required in travel and international competitions such as the olympics.
we cannot forget the importance of the language in a job search; a good understanding of english can make a difference whether or not you get a job.
cultural and economic trends may be dictated by no english-speaking people because the english-speaking countries have lost the power they used to have. also, their population is older than the population in the developed countries.
in conclusion, it is true that at the moment english is number one as global language used as lingua franca, but its future is uncertain because of cultural and economic changes.
it's been a while since i the last time i wrote in english here
i don't have many subjects matters to write about, but i will try to write more in english.
do you know that there are two perfect things that exist in this world?
those are time and a cat.
a cat is extremely special existence that gives the artistic beautifulness and a lot of healing to us.
however, at the same time, a cat is also existence difficult to understand for us, humans as is aristocracy.
one is provide food to them, and the other is to treat them affectionately.
we would not be perhaps able to perfectly understand a cat's mind without becoming one.
yet one thing is for sure, they've various ideas in regard to everything including the our humans that they own, and always prioritize their own ideas before our ideas.
if a dog jumps into your lap, it is because he is fond of you, but if a cat does the same thing, it is because your lap is warmer than other places.
still, if you want the most noble and beautiful animal of all the animals, you should keep the cat.
today, after ten years, i was back there for a swim, and i discovered that it has been restored and expanded.
on the first floor, there is a new gym.
i think i'll be back there more often.
do you close the door?
yes i close the door.
i don't close the door.
will you close the door?
oh, yes i will close the door.
i will not close the door.
did you close the door?
yes i closed the door.
i did not close the door.
is this correct?
what do you recommend?
i was thinking of some local confectionery, maybe, or perhaps a book he would read with pleasure!"
last sunday i traveled with my family to the farm.
we woke up at 5:00 a.m. and it took us two hours to get there.
when we arrived to the farm we unloaded our things from the car and we streched our legs.
during the rest of the day we were busy with activities, like collecting beans from the plants, looking for blackberries and strawberries, diging up for yucca and collecting oranges and lemons.
before the sunset we took on the road back, and enjoyed the view from the car.
a day on the farm
last sunday i was traveling with my family to the farm.
on the way, we took a break for breakfast.
when we arrived at the farm, we unloaded our things from the car and stretched our legs.
during the rest of the day we did many things, like collecting beans from the plants, looking for blackberries and strawberries, digging up yucca and collecting oranges and lemons.
before sunset, we took the road back home, and enjoyed the view from the car.orbefore the sun set, we took the road back home, and enjoyed the view from the car.
along the way, we took a break for breakfast.
during the rest of the day we were busy with many activities, like collecting beans from the plants, looking for blackberries and strawberries, digging up yucca and collecting oranges and lemons.
full steam, i dashed through the low-hanging branches of the tall fir trees, brushing the snow from the twigs as i raced headlong against the night.
since my backpack was light and my only additional carry-on items were my pair of skis and a thin rope, i could set a quick pace, and only one hour later, i reached the car park of our inn.
in the valley, there was not a trace of snow and the temperatures were mild.
even so, everything and every one was preparing for the arrival of winter.
the stockpiles of firewood reached up to the roof of the inn, and on the terrace, which was adjacent to the car park, the parasols, chairs and tables had been replaced with ski racks and a metal grid for dirty boots.
a restless wind quickly plucked the last leaves from the trees, though instead of falling to the ground they rather flew upwards.
i decided to come back to learning english.
i wrote nothing in english for a very long time, so it takes me a long time to think what to say.
this is very frustrating, but i know very well it is a necessary step to learn another language.
recently in japan people are very enthusiastic about the olympics.
unfortunately i am far from my country so i can't catch up with those events.
i was especially moved by the beautiful performance of yuduru hanyuu, who won a golden medal in figure skating.
i used to be a person that did not share my hardships because i thought it would make other people worry about me or have negative emotions.
but i was wrong; sharing your pain is notnegative, but natural.
and it really works.
two, sit down at my chair and write about what's causing my stress and how i can fix it.
and i often find a quick solution when i do this.
three, get sleep.
when i was a university student in japan, i belonged to a basketball team which had over one hundred members.
last january, we had a party and we were supposed to meet in sannomiya station at six pm.
i was the treasurer, so i had to go there earlier and collect money for the party from other teammates.
however, i had already arrived the station at four thirty.
i went to the cafe to study because i had so much time until we met.
i focused on studying too much and forgot to look at time.
there were a lot of messages and missed calls from my team-mates on my phone.
i grabbed all of my belongings and ran quickly to the station.
when i arrived at the station, my team-mates were collecting money instead of me.
i felt terrible and so sorry for bothering them.
i apologized many times, but they told me it was unusual for me to be like this and forgave me because i had never been late for anything.
i need techniques to deal with distraction.
the next time i have to be punctual, i am going to be more careful about time, for example looking at the time frequently or setting the alarm.
it is rare that you will always succeed in your life even if you keep endeavouring.
i will try to make a little more effort without giving up.
originally, i'm a left-hander.
but my mother forced me to use my right hand.
i had to use my right hand when she supervised me.
as a result, i cannot write with my left hand, but i cannot draw a picture with my right hand.
i've been working at the english assimilation preschool in warsaw since november.
i feel like a mentally unstable person cause i can experience many more emotions here than in one hour at the office.
i have a strong feeling that that last sentence is totally wrong, but i'm learning to talk and i am not afraid of making mistakes when learning a foreign language.
i'm slightly shorter than average, and i am quite fond of chemistry.
you might ask.
then, my large, snow-white curved horns.
most people mistake me for a tiefling, although i am not!
is anyone interested in doing a language exchange through skype tomorrow?.
it doesn't matter what time; i'm available all day tomorrow.
we started our chat at 11 o'clock.
i invited them to have dinner in my city, but they both thought it was too far.
during the chat, yan taught ping how to apply makeup.
ping is on her third year at university, so i think it's very necessary for her to learn that.
yan also said that we should to join the student reunions as often as possible, because it's where couples are made.
our days kept going and we all were getting more mature, developing abilities to think, ask, and decide.
pinkey had now reached grade 8 too, which means it was time for her to stop her education.
she thought, like all other girls in sindh, that girls are supposed to stay at home and do the household chores.
every day i thought about my education and my limited life.
i bit my tongue and sought forgiveness from god.
i believe it depends on you either to be a victim or to be victorious.
i made this kimono for a party!
i made this dress using a used kimono.
the sleeves of the kimono were too short for me, so i decided to use it for a project.
i love this simple dress because it doesn't have a zipper.
i recommend this pattern for beginners.
i made the sleeves three-quarter length with ruffles.
the instructions called for making a tie, but i made a detachable bow instead of it.
i go to "sunkus" after my dancing lesson.
sunkus is the name of a japanese convenience store.
i go there almost every day because my friends are gathering there.
my friends are athletes: a runner, a swimmer, a dancer, and more.
they come there after training, too.
i'm so excited to see them.
robots
what if, one day the chinese people do not care to have children anymore, and the population drops?
on the street, robots are driving cars, robots are selling movie tickets, robots are singing and dancing, and robots are managing most everything in our lives.
if robots are as smart as men, no profession is necessary.
it seems like an improvement.
but it seems like a terrible world too.
unless you turn down the heat on a cooker now, the chicken will be tasteless.
turn down the tv and get on with your homework.
if only you were more hard-working!
my cousin is going to set up a company one day.
turn off the road in five minutes.
little did they knew, their child was going to be found.
i went to a public high school near my home and then enrolled in a private university that is an hour away by train from my place.
i also started to be interested in foreign countries when i became a university student.
i learned english at the language school in brisbane, australia, joined the organization for the international students and i traveled asia and middle east in a backpacking-style for 6 months.
although it's a good memory for me now, my family were worried about me at that time.
i think my manager is not a good person because he asked me to do a lot of things even after i told him that something was wrong with my eyes and i wanted to go to the hospital.
he said it was ok and took care in front of many people but he added to my tasks again.
i didn't go to the hospital, either, because i thought i could keep going.
it was kind of like going back to the old days when i was a new person to my company.
the difference was i was working with some nicer people than before.
well, i think i shouldn't work for people which is my weakness.
sometimes, people like evil who will frame you when you are weak or be leaning all of it.
anyway, i hope i can take leave tomorrow.
i have often heard that i tend to be distracted and off topic when i speak, so i decided to write what i think, like a journal whenever i have a chance.
it's pretty hard for me to organize what i think by writing because i rarely write except to simply make note of something.
it would be pretty short text at first, and i would feel bored sometimes because i am not used to it.
so i'll work up to it without working too hard from the beginning.
if i stick to it, i will be able to improve organizing my thoughts and speaking logically.
one day, when a customer from china  was trying on something, a member of our japanese staff tried so hard to explain about the item.
but the customer told me the staff member was so talkative, she made her very annoyed.
my mother flew back to taipei yesterday.
we went to rome, orvieto and several places in barcelona.
i'm very close to my mom.
now i will talk about my trip in italy.
for example, taiwanese would learn wwii or european history while having history class in high school.
but, there would be only a few paragraphs or lines.
this trip was the first time i understood a little information about mussolini and hadrianus augustus.
if you guys know of any good websites about this, please kindly recommend them.
we went to rome, orvieto, and several places in barcelona.
asian daughters always think too much.
in fact, it's not a negotiation but a notification.
high salary is the most important thing in making people work happily.
we ate delicious food and talked a lot...
i had a really nice time with my friends!
all presents are sweets!
when i correct english entries
of course, we should make an effort to say or write better sentences without resting on our current english skills.
well, when i correct japanese people's english entries, even if they write a japanese version, i rarely read the japanese.
this is because i want to understand their sentences in english.
since i'm not a native english speaker, i still don't know a lot of english expressions, so i sometimes ask the meaning of certain sentences, but it doesn't mean that those sentences are always wrong.
some english speakers understand japanese well, so when they correct japanese people's english sentences, they might read the japanese to make sure of the meaning of the sentences.
i read japanese sentences only when the english doesn't make sense at all.
when you write or speak a sentence in english, what do you think is most important?
even if you make some grammatical mistakes, if other people understand what you want to say, i think your sentence is fine, and you can communicate with people well.
of course, we should always strive to say or write better sentences without resting on our laurels.
when i correct japanese people's english entries, even if they write a japanese version, i rarely read the japanese.
that's because i want to understand their sentences in english.
some english speakers understand japanese well, so when they correct japanese people's english sentences, they might read japanese to make sure the meaning of the sentences.
i read japanese sentences only when the english doesn't seem to make sense.
not being a native english speaker, i still don't know a lot of english expressions, so i sometimes ask the meaning of certain sentences, but it doesn't follow that those sentences are always wrong.
i hope i can help people as much as possible, not only with their grammar or words but context also.
today, i participated in an english conversation club.
twenty-two members appeared.
one of them is a small firm manager and another one of them is a teacher at a cram school.
a foreigner said, "the speech and behavior of the individual are individual responsibility."
i agree but the other hand, i think that edification is the issue of education.
education shows a big power to give information and make people happy.
tomorrow i am going to my painting school to show my homework.
i am still painting, trying to paint the best piece possible.
this morning, i noticed powder snow falling.
however, it changed into a drizzle.
however, it turned out be a drizzle of rain.
what can be widely used in education, business, government, family and almost all the
some people claim that the achievements of the 21st century could not exist without the internet.
for one thing, the children and young adults that use the internet freely might accidentally get incorrect information.
the internet is so wide that it includes some unethical content such as that promoting violence and pornography.
that content could have many harmful effects on children and young adults, while they are still growing.
for example, there is some violent content on the internet.
after
children and young adults watch that by chance, they might use violence as a way to solve their problems.
consequently, we have to use some software to block this kind of content.
this highly technical software already exists and works well.
parents can use this kind of software in order to prevent children from accessing blocked websites,
which includes harmful content.
as the internet is used on the computers, it is related to the computers closely.
the computer is a highly technical machine that is sometimes is hard to control.
as a result, some harmful things may find loopholes to get into the computer such as viruses.
if the children and young adults use the internet freely without some security programs their computers will soon be infected with computer viruses.
for example, many years ago, i used my computer on the internet without any security programs.
one day, i found my computer was behaving abnormally and called a computer expert to look at it.
he said my computer must be infected with computer viruses from the internet and suggested that i use an antivirus program to prevent them.
used the internet with the antivirus every time and never had computer viruses again.
furthermore, by using some filters we can save a lot of time to distinguish between useful and unhelpful information.
most people use the internet to find and get information.
there are such great quantities of information on the internet that we usually have to spend quite a long time to find the information we want.
whereas, if we use filters, we can distinguish the useful from unhelpful information easily.
for example, my e-mail inbox regularly receives some pornographic junk mail, which is very disagreeable.
however, the internet is such an interesting place that people who enjoy it may keep on surfing.
people who have little ability or self control will lose themselves in the information highway, spending a long time in front of the screen, which is absolutely not good for their health.
some people hold that children and young adults should use the internet freely to widen their knowledge of the world.
however, i think using the internet with the filters can also get enough information to widen their eyes.
most parents do not use filters because they do not know how useful filters are.
the filters are so good now that we can choose different ways to get different kinds of information.
using filters can provide the safety to help children and young adults know more about the things that are useful for them.
if children and young adults use the internet freely, they may lose their direction.
as a result, they might not only widen their understanding, but also waste a lot of time.
filters can keep us from getting into websites that we will never use anyway so that we should widen our understanding of the world by using filters.
consequently, children and young adults should use the internet with new advanced programs to get the information they require more easily.
filters are so good now that we can choose different ways to get different kinds of information.
i ate african food
today, i ate african food.
i hadn't known much about african food until i ate today.
coming back to write a diary, yay
i feel that writing diary entries is a way to make me feel like i'm still alive.
i feel like i haven't been happy recently, but maybe this will make me feel better and record my feelings now.
i feel reality makes me unable to breathe, and i believe everyone else is the same as me. people are struggling to survive for their lives, relationships or family.
they have their own issues, but trying to be happy is the most important thing. life is a long journey, finding our own way, fulfilling your dream.
they have their own issues, but trying to be happy is the most important thing. life is a long journey; find your own way, fulfill your dream.
even though i get up at 5:30 am, i don't have enough time to eat breakfast.
i always eat a tuna-and-mayonnaise one and an egg-and- mayonnaise one.
of course, i drink coffee, which is my favorite, too.
of course, i also drink coffee, since it's my favorite.
today i will eat convenience food, not in a tin, but rather dried spaghetti.
watching a movie
to discuss whether an 18-year-old boy killed
disappears gradually through discussion.
we can't judge people by their race, poverty, life experience and other aspects.
however, in our country, it's still hard to see these principles.
power is always concentrated in the hands of important officials.
by the way, what movie impressed you most?
what about 'he was showboating leading up to'?
'took stock'?
"after winning gold in the 100 kilograms plus division at the london 2012 olympics, riner took stock for the first time."
'went into meltdown'?
"the rio victory also saw calls for riner to look at a career change with ufc fans salivating at the thought of the great frenchman taking his dominance inside the octagon."
if you want to see beautiful scenery, i recommend you to go to cinque terre if you love the sea.
i just arrived at the airport. i feel so tired.
i'm gonna take a nap right now.
as children, we usually imagined ourselves being famous actors or musicians.
however, have we ever wondered how their lives are?
are they really enjoying their jobs?
on the one hand, being a celebrity has many advantages.
first of all, famous people normally have huge fortunes.
they can travel wherever they want or buy things that ordinary people could not imagine.
besides, they can enter fancy lounges or restaurants where entry is only allowed to important people.
moreover, they may dress stylishly, no matter the cost.
on the other hand, being famous involves a lot of risk.
they are incredibly exposed and also their private life and their close family.
society wants to know who their partners are or when their babies are born.
some of them had been victims of kidnapping or even murder, such as john lennon, which is really scary.
in conclusion, we all see their luxurious lives as being perfect.
although in my personal opinion, if we take into account all the pros and cons, they are not happier than the ordinary people.
essay: being a celebrity: a dream or a nightmare?oressay: being a celebrity: a dream or a nightmare?
when we were children, we usually imagined ourselves being famous actors or musicians.orwhen we were children, we usually imagined ourselves becoming famous actors or musicians.
everybody had at least one favorite famous person they admired.
however, have we ever really wondered what their life would be like?
first, famous people normally have huge fortunes.
moreover, they can dress stylishly, no matter the cost.ormoreover, they can dress stylishly, no matter the amount of money.
on the other hand, being famous involves a lot of risks.
they are incredibly exposed and also their private lives and their close family members.
some of them have been victims of kidnappings or even murders like john lennon, which is really scary.
although in my personal opinion, if we take into account all the pros and cons, they aren't any happier than ordinary people.
essay: being a celebrity: a dream or a nightmare?
when we were children, we usually imagined ourselves being famous actors or musicians.
everybody had at least one favorite famous person to admire.
furthermore, they can enter to fancy lounges or restaurants where the entry is only allowed for important people.
they are incredibly exposed as well as their private life and their close family.
society wants to know who their partners are and when their babies are born.
some of them have been victims of kidnapping or even murder, such as john lennon, which is really scary.
in conclusion, we all see their luxurious lives as perfect.
although, in my personal opinion, if we take into account all the factors for and against, they are not happier than ordinary people.
abenomics refers to the economic policies which are advocated by prime minister of japan, abe shinzo.
he advocated three approaches for overcoming long-term deflation.
firstly, more aggressive monetary easing from the bank of japan.
secondly, a fiscal policy that uses the national currency to revitalize the economy.
and finally, structural reform.
however, i feel these strategies haven't been successful because average wages have not increased.
in addition, abe said that he would address improving working environments and raising women's wages and status.
but unfortunately these problems still remain and nothing has changed significantly.
also he advocated a new measure, called the discretionary labor system.
i think it's like a flexible work schedule.
in the current situation, this measure will make overtime work even worse.
it seems to me that it will promote an inefficient working style of japan.
i strongly hope that our country's economic conditions improve.
we have other difficulties, such as an aging population and declining birth rates.
the last thing i really want to say is that the government should cut the number of the diet members and lower their salaries.
but until i'd seen his pyramid, i didn't know he was a handsome man, too.
i was touched by his love when i saw the queen's temple and her statutes which ramses ii built for her.
but until i'd seen his pyramid, i didn't know he was a handsome man too.
i couldn't send text messages, emails or even make phone calls.
fortunately, i met a foreign girl who was really friendly.
she was kind enough to lend me her phone to send an email to my father.
suggestion: instead of stating this as an unquestioning fact, it is more interesting if you rephrase it as an opinion - pinkey had now reached grade 8 too, so many traditional pakistanis felt that it was a fitting time for her to stop her formal education.
suggestion: specify who forced her to do this. only the grandmother? both grandparents? both parents as well? was there no disagreement?
logic: more precisely, we can say "she accepted the belief." this is different from actually thinking deeply on her own. she accepted the prevailing belief that girls in sindh that girls over age 14 are supposed to stay at home and help with household chores.
i every day thought about my education and the restrictions on my life.
a classmate of mine has gotten pregnant.
i was surprised when i heard it and i wish her happiness.
i think that pregnancy is a miracle.
we can create a new life by love.
i want my baby someday but i can't imagine it realistically now.
why are pills in the us very big?
every pill sold in pharmacies in the us is huge.
they are so big that they can't be swallowed at once.
every time i take a pill i feel like it sticks in my throat.
in particular, it is dangerous for elderly people who can't swallow well.
as the most developed country in the world, they must have the skill to form small pills containing enough ingredients.
i think all sisters are the same, we fight over trivial things and in another 5 mins resolve the problem, then suddenly we're quiet and etc.
we share clothes, make up, anything.
i often fought with my sister over clothes and toys when we were young.
it would be different if you were brothers or mixed siblings.
but maybe some brothers are also like that?
this is my third year of the dog. if i could make a wish it would be that my dog would come to life.
at nearly 5 years old, my dog suffered a terrible disease that led to her death.
my lovely dog, i hope you are not afraid loud sounds under the ground, and that you will be healthy forever in heaven.
a formal letter to the embassy
however we had planned to visit seoul in february 2014, and were granted our visa, but something came up in my work and we changed our plans and went to paris for a business trip in march 2014.
the purpose of our trip is partly to visit the cosmetic ingredient and technology exhibition in seoul from april 17th to april 19th.
my sister lives in london and she stated a skincare cosmetic business a year ago and is very successful.
she recommended us to explore the cosmetic ingredient and technology exhibition. my wife is considering starting a natural skincare cosmetic business in mongolia.
secondly i really want to sightsee around the downtown of seoul and we would love to eat traditional korean dishes.
the tick tock of the watch that i have on my nightstand doesn't let me sleep.
the mosquito that came in through the kitchen window didn't let you sleep last night.
the mosquito that came in through the window of the kitchen didn't let you sleep last night.
today i registered myself as a volunteer at the international association in sanda city and started to teach japanese. yay!
my boss is an unusual person for a japanese, who wouldn't ask his subordinates to work overtime
i arrived at the place at 6:20.
she said that they have always been suffering from a lack of teachers.
"several years as a volunteer in asago city" seemed to be enough for qualifying
"do you care about the native language of your students?" that can be interpreted as "do you mind if you have to teach non-english speakers?"
they couldn't expect me to understand them in their native languages, but it worked well.
the organiser deployed me with a new student today
at first, i felt a bit nervous in that unfamiliar classroom where nobody knew me.
however, after the one and a half hour session, when the organiser announced that today's class was over, i was totally happy.
i taught her and said that she should ask that question only to happy teachers like me.
i hope that she also enjoyed our time learning together.
today i registered as a volunteer at the sanda international association and started to teach japanese, yay!
my boss is rare in japan for not asking his employees to work overtime.
the international association provides japanese classes for both adults and children, one of which is on thursday evenings from 6:30.
i informed them beforehand by email that i would like to join the class as a volunteer, but i hadn't written that much about myself.
she said that they have always suffered from a lack of teachers.
i told her i had spent several years as a volunteer teacher in asago city, which seemed to be enough for her.
"do you care which language your students speak?" that can be interpreted as, "do you mind if you are only going to teach non-english speakers?"
they couldn't expect me to understand them in their native languages and it worked well.
today, the organiser assigned me a new student.
at first, i felt a bit nervous in an unfamiliar classroom where nobody knew me.
however, after 90 minutes, when the organiser announced that the day's class was over, i was totally happy.
i showed her some useful phrases, because she is working as an english teacher at some japanese public schools.
i taught her it and said that she should only ask happy teachers like me that question, because
i can honestly answer, "i love teaching, that's why i am here!" but sadly not every teacher can say that.
i hope that she enjoyed our time studying together as much as i did.
the days kept passing by and we all were getting more mature, developing the ability to think, ask, and decide.
pinkey had now reached grade 8 too, which means it was time to stop her education.
every day i thought about my education and my limited life.
i put my tongue between my teeth and sought forgiveness from god. how dare he say such a thing?
i believe it depends on you either to be a victim or a survivor. god has nothing to do with it.
water kept pouring from the pump, and i was lost in thought with a plate in my hands.
i'm confused how to use "continue".
i can't understand this sentence.
i think it is usually only used as a verb, but those are adjective and adverb.
in these cases, is it used as an adjective or not an adverb?
how long can you remain patient without receiving a reply from your friends?orhow long can you remain calm without receiving a reply from your friends?
despite going weak at the knees, i was able to approach him.
she's very self-conscious, so i'll go to a party for her.
although we were wandering for a long time, i disagreed with my friends' idea to call our parents.
i can memorise many details from lessons.
i propose to be obedient to my common sense.
i recieved a warm reception at my new job.
i wish i could go to this concert in august.
i like the night sea.
i especially like it on nights when there is a full moon.
the reflections of the moonlight in the dark sea are silver.
the dark sea is like a big creature, and the moonlight on the surface of the sea comes straight towards me.
when i look at it waving, i feel calm.
sometimes, i imagine looking up at the moon from the shallow seabed.
if there are many people in a room, i lose my concentration
today, i had a meeting where everyone spoke english.
i didn't understand them.
one reason is due to my english skills.
but, regardless of language, i tend to lose my concentration when there are many people in a room.
i feel there's somebody else deals issues instead of me.
after this speech you will be able to know what music to listen to when you are tired.
after this speech you will be able to like them.
for example, the whole place was covered with snow.
too many e-mails.
and i always become concerned if i get e-mails.
i check if i get e-mails at least one a minute.
i should ignore my e-mail when i am doing other work to do them effectively.
japanese pop-culture
i think it reminds you of media contents like anime, manga, and video games.
at the same time, its shortcomings are pointed out sometimes.
from a viewpoint of immature person like me, people who used to like them but start to alienate them and switch to social activities and hobbies seem like those who are desperate to adopt the reality and have no room to think of other things, and eventually throw away their innocent and pure heart.
meanwhile, that entertainment is becoming sophisticated now, and some of them are enough to be seen as profound.
in comparison to my childhood, japanese pop-culture has changed rapidly and has attracted a wide range of people.
furthermore, it plays an important role in the future of japan as a competitive strong point.
what do you think of japanese pop-culture?
at the same time, that subculture's shortcomings are pointed out sometimes.
from the viewpoint of an immature person like me, people who used to like them but start to alienate and switch to social activities and hobbies seem like those who are desperate to adopt the reality of adulthood and have no room to think of other things, and eventually throw away their innocent and pure heart.
meanwhile, those contents are becoming sophisticated; some of them are good enough to be seen as profound.
furthermore, it would play an important role in the future of japan as a competitive strong point.
i don't try to use the smart phone on such a day.
today is a rainy day.
i try not to use my smart phone on such days.
because i would like to avoid getting it wet.orbecause i avoid getting it wet as much as possible.
i reluctantly went to the store.
once i exercise then i get motivated.
it's rainy today.
it's because i would like to avoid getting it wet.
i need to go shopping for some ingredients.
toy with cd's on an elastic cord
this toy is made with a thick elastic cord that i bought at a sailing boat supplies shop.
daan likes to hit the cord and the cd's and he also likes to pull on the elastic cord en let it go.
he also consciously reaches for the discs to spin them.
actually i had planned to make this toy on an wooden stand but for now it is an elastic cord that i have to fix on the toy-bar that's with his wheelchair.
in the mean time i have made a lot of toys using elastic cords like this.
i will wait for my spirits to rise.
learning a language
today, i'll talk about language learning.
i'm learning english, and you guys also must be learning some languages, because you are using this website.
i've been in australia for a year and 4 months and it's my first time living abroad.
my english is much better than when i was in japan, but it's still hard to talk with native speakers because they speak so fast, connecting word after word.
so listening skill is one of the big issues for me.
if there were subtitles on when i talked to people, it would make it easier.
what is the hardest thing when you're learning a language?
learning a language is really a long journey, but it'll make me grow up a lot and always show me different worlds.
i think there are no solid limitations for human beings.
even if you feel something is impossible, if you want to change the situation, you should try to do so.
perhaps you can do it today or tomorrow or the day after tomorrow.
report on social problems in my country
the purpose of this report is to list the main problems my country has as well as their causes and consequences so that they are covered in the documentary that the television company i am working for is preparing on this issue.
however, when people are asked about what worries them most, they have no doubt about it; unemployment, especially among young people, and the high levels of pollution.
however it was, during this time period that they decided that it was time to work outside the home.
not having enough jobs for everybody made unemployment increase and since those days, the country continues to have this problem.
that is why, despite spain being a very sunny and windy country, we have continued relying on fossil fuels.
this issue will also el means that they will have children late and as result, the spanish population will age.
as for pollution, many spanish cities are already suffering its first consequences; people having more breathing problems, cars banned from entering city centres and more forest fires than ever.
if the government does not invest more money in renewable energies, the most likely scenario will be that spain will become a desert.
the purpose of this report is to list my country's main problems, as well as their causes and consequences, so that they are covered in the documentary that the television company i am working for is preparing on this issue.
however, when people are asked about their greatest worry, they will doubtless name unemployment, especially among young people, and the high levels of pollution.
e., it has the highest unemployment rate among e.u. members.
not having enough jobs for everybody increased unemployment, and even today, the country continues to have this problem.
this issue will also lead to them having children late and as result, the spanish population will age.
to try to reduce the high levels of pollution, the government should encourage people to use public transport and environmentally friendly vehicles rather than being so dependent on their old cars.
this happens every yearin dubai.
the first period will be held in riyadh on march and the second will be held in dubai on may.
it will orbaboy be so interesting!
a bit of bragging
my german studies have gotten better too.
i didn't remember the translation at all, but i did understand almost all of it!
that was a moment of true glory: one of my dreams came true.
i hope i'll do even better from now on!
i like watching movies, reading books, eating delicious food, nature and hot springs!
i've been learning english myself since may 2016.
but i haven't been using english recently and so it is bad.
and i want to have fun talking to you!
bitter taste is my favorite.
i like to drink in a coffee shop, but also i like to buy my favorite beans and grind them in my house.
there are some people who succeed in work.
they earn decent wages, get fame and are looked up to by everyone around them.
however, i don't have a sense of responsibility or leadership.
i wonder if earning decent wages, getting fame and being respected by people is my true wish.
i feel anxiety when i see our instructor.
i think that she needa to be something else.
hello i have some first conditional phrases could you check them?
if i do ten exercises i'll finish the course on monday
if you take it, you'll have to care for him all his life
if you eat this cake you have to run for 2 hours to burn the calories you've consumed.
if i choose this route, i might make a wonderful journey
if he borrows your car, you'll never see it again
if you miss this opportunity, you are going to struggle all your life
if i need your advice, i'll ask you
if you go on a date with me, i'll
i'll kiss you when i see the rainbow
if i see a miracle i'll tell you.
thanks in advance
i went on a one day trip to a hot spring last weekend.
this month is my boyfriend's birthday.
we make this trip in february and september every year.
last year, we went to saipan. this year, i also wanted to go abroad.
but my tooth decay got worse and i have to pay the expensive treatment costs.
but, the hot springs were good.
i like to submerge myself in an outdoor hot spring on a cold winter.
if you have some time, let's go to the hot springs.
now is the best season to go to the hot springs!!
so far i haven't bought it by myself.
however, i should have had my company pay for it.
since he likes to listen to unhappy stories, he smiled while he was listening to my sad iphone story.
it is difficult for english learners to answer a question in english that they can't even answer in their native language, unless they prepare for what their answer in advance.
i've had difficulty to answering a question when i had a job interview in my current job.
i was asked this question from an interviewer: ''why do you want to work here?". what i said was "well, as you can see, my background doesn't relate to your job, but i was inspired by outdoor advertisments when i visited ny.
there were a bunch of ads there, they had good design andcreativity, and i thought about how attractive the ads were.
it made me feel that i want to be involved with them and evolve them into even better ads.
after i came back to japan, i started looking for a job in an outdoor advertising company, and then i found a job offer for your company."
after i answered, the interviewer asked me "what can we expect if we hire you?". i answered "i'm not sure if i'm capable of contributing and making a profit because i don't even have experience working in sales department, but i have an exceptional communication skills can cover my lack of experience.
i'm sure i can have a good relationship with your clients using this skill."
"no, it is impossible at least for several decades.
although china has developed its economy remarkably over the past few decades, it still has lots of problems.
while the rich enjoy the benefit of the economic development, there are still the poor in need of financial aid to get the minimum standard of living.
some of the poor are even illiterate and don't have enough money to get a private education."
"but, you can see huge wealth gaps everywhere in the world.
"to be a global leader, a country should be more open-minded in terms international relationships because the leader should consider the needs of all of its partners.
"i know what you mean.
but i think it's beside the point.
to be an economic leader, a country doesn't have to have great leadership.
all it needs is absolute economic power, which derives from plenty of natural resources, a strong labor force, etc.
"i would say a kind of power shift is going on in the world.
a few decades ago, it was great britain that led the world.
now, china is building its presence as a leader in the world.
the co2 emissions from china are the highest in the world, which means it is damaging the earth
planet earth is screaming because of co2, which could result in the suffering of humanity."
china is actually shifting to an environmentally-friendly policy.
"hmmmmm, why don't we discuss this topic over a cup of coffee later?"
do you know the comic "jojo's bizarre adventure"?
it's a japanese comic written by hirohiko araki, and it has been serialized for over twenty five years.
the characters in the comic have a type of super natural power called "stand" which projects a ghost like figure next to the character when the power is activated.
for example, the hero in chapter 3, kujo jotaro, has the stand called "star platinum".
it looks like ancient warrior from the roman period and has incredible speed, agility, and magnificent power.
in addition, star platinum can stop time for 2 seconds.
kujo jotaro fights against other stand owners using his stand.
it has been seven days since new year's eve.
my mother-in-law and i prepared a fancy dinner for new year's eve.
for the next seven days,
we visited our relatives and friends.
in the new year, i hope all my family members' dreams come true, and that they have good luck in everything.
i am so busy that i don't have time to write an essay. -- or -- i've been so busy that i haven't had the time... -- or -- i'm so busy that i haven't had the time...
have you ever experienced this?
something which had been just a small part of english speech, actually not even a part, suddenly becomes recognized as a word at some point.
the latest word that has caught my attention is....
i had to spare some time to find this word in a dictionary as i didn't know the spelling.
there is a thing which had been just a small part of english sound, it actually had not even been a real part, suddenly been was recognised as a word at some point.
you don't know the word yet, but once you are aware of it as a word, it lingers in your ears whenever you watch youtube or listen to podcasts.
i had to spend some time finding this word in dictionaries as i didn't know the spelling.
you suddenly recognize as a word something in english that had only been background noise to you before.
something that had previously just been a cluster of meaningless english sounds suddenly turns into a comprehensible word.
you don't know its meaning yet, but once you're aware of it as a word, it lingers in your ears whenever you watch youtube or listen to podcasts.
it took some time looking this word up in the dictionary as i didn't know the spelling.
this story doesn't have a punchline.
have you ever experienced something like this?
something that was once just a random cluster of english sounds-- no, not even truly a unified piece-- you suddenly realize is actually a word.
you don't yet know the meaning of the word, but as soon as you are aware of it, it lingers in your mind whenever you watch youtube or listen to podcasts.
i had to spend some time to find this word in the dictionary as i didn't know the spelling.
i'd call this an anecdote about anecdotes, but the story doesn't seem to have a punchline, does it?
finally, his muscles.
i want to compare aquariums and zoos.
this information will help you decide where to go on dates in the future.
one, why aquariums are better.
two, which aquarium is the best.
you should know them because they won the championship the past two years in a row.
first, how did they become a strong team?
third, their stadium.
just looking at the sea makes me feel calm.
second, relaxation.
third, the many ways to play there.
i want to tell you about how attractive he is.
second, how well he sings.
third, how well he acts in sword fight scenes.
i've been suffering from back pain since i was a teenager, and now it's getting worse and worse.
yesterday, i felt pain in my lower back when i was walking.
it lasts after i take a sheet.
after that i got worried, and stared to care more about my lower back.
sometimes pain disappears temporarily, but it resumes quickly.
today when i was sitting down on a train, gradually the pain became severe and i felt i couldn't stand it.
i was scared because i'd never felt pain while i was walking.
after that i became worried and careful about my lowerback.
sometimes the pain disappears temporarily, but it resumes soon after.
moreover, most people in the world have internet devices.
therefore, it enables us to connect with them and ask some questions which we want answered, easily.
by knowing it, we can face the troubles and problems that come along with it.
all things considered, we should be wise when using the internet to look for information.
kimono fabric has a beauty that usual fabrics don't have.
however, it tends to be tacky.
i am glad that the kimono changed to the nice dress.
i am often asked by people, "how to make a garment from a kimono?"
this particular pattern is a pdf sewing pattern and it is easy to use!
it is divided in parts.
you can print out only the parts that you need.
we didn't used to have a computer.
did they used to work together?
where did you used to go to school?
are you used to sending e-mails to all your friends and family?
my sister used to have short hair when she was younger.
japan won the gold medal in women's team pursuit last night.
the individual athlete from the netherlands is superior to the athletes in japan.
the japanese team won the gold medal in women's team pursuit last night.
japan competed against the netherlands in the final.
the individual athletes from the netherlands are superior to the athletes from japan.
however, if the japanese work as a team, they can compete effectively.
it was impressive.
individually the netherland athletes are superior to the japanese.
however, when the japanese play as team, they can work effectively.
i would love to show my dresses to you for an informal dress contest.
this was the first time i've used this brand of pattern.
i loved the dress pattern at first sight.
i really love the pleated centre panel, cocoon-shape and big pockets, the banded hem is especially lovely.
i didn't make a gathered hem but i made big pleats and a slit on the hem instead.
i have worn the dress several times already, and it's lovely and incredibly comfortable.
dear john,
long time no see! how are you?
last time we met, we used to speak a lot about various training methods.
this is the first time i have written here in english...
and it is difficult doing everything!
this is the first time i am writing here in english...
i mean, do you watch films?
listen to music?
my grandma raised me from when i was about 7 until i was 10 years old.
since i had no mom, she treated me and my sister like her daughters.
and then, i ended up moving out at 17 to find myself and make myself feel free.
she used to sell vegetables on the street, as a vendor.
she grew up just surviving and saving money right after the korean war.
money was everything to her.
and she was very proud of her achievements.
i feel sorry for her because she forgot how to cook and lost her energy to do housework.
so she asks me to do laundry, cook and everything.
i love my grandma and i hope she lives well and long.
i am really interested in your opinion. do you have any advice for me in terms of gym or outdoor training?
i am really curious about what your thoughts are on this?
the temperature is perfect in autumn as well.
i went to many attractions, some were temporarily closed though.
it was my first time watching a parade show seriously.
i only knew of fire drills or earthquake drills for most ordinary people or students before.
an earthquake is a kind of natural disaster, and a fire is a kind of natural disaster if it's caused by lightning.
it's a sad indictment of society that we have this shooter drill thing.
today when i was reading the news which reported the marjory stoneman douglas high school shooting in florida, i saw a phrase: "a shooter drill".
it's a sad indictment of society that we have these shooter drill things.
traffic jams in jakarta are very bad.
i've lived in jakarta for 3 months.
but some indonesian said it was also a life while you were in traffic jam.
although it has many difficult things to understand, i read easily and fast!
education systems in chinese cities
there is always a huge gap between the education systems in cities and in the countryside.
cities have more resources and better facilities in china.
for example, international schools, where you can expect most of the classes to be held in english, can be found only in cities, not in the countryside.
it narrated what i wanted to achieve so brilliantly, and i liked it so much that i decided to write out the main points.
people need to be careful
when i first decided to learn english, i was looking for a book for self-study.
it narrated what i wanted to achieve so brilliantly, i liked it so much and i decided to write out the main points.
all good people of oz must wear green glasses.
when i decided to learn english for the first time, i was looking for a book for self-study.
es war ein bisschen peinlich, aber da kann man nichts machen.
i don't know so many acronyms.
if i learn more acronyms, i will enjoy english more.
i don't know many acronyms.
i live very close.
do you live in a house or a flat?
i'm working for a poultry farm as an accounting and general affair associate.
the company is owned by a german holding company which has more than 20 other companies and operates worldwide.
the company executives are all german people, so we use english for all communications.
i sometimes feel it's difficult to communicate with them.
i can't speak english fluently, and they are also non-native speakers.
it's been about a month since the last time i'd written an entry on lang-8.
i like this life but sometimes i don't know what to do when it comes to sharing my current status.
in this way, i'd like to introduce you to my favorite stationery as i found them looking around my desk.
i also like doodling using this pen for the same reason above.
it would be easier to write if the outer periphery were thicker.
this pen has never been out of ink even though i've been using it for a couple of years and sometimes leave the cap off for a while.
there are a variety of colors and all of them are beautiful.
writing can be erased by rubbing using the rubber equipped on the pen cap.
i love import stationery since they are very stylish in appearance and sometimes the colors are unlike japanese products.
my favorite stationery ranking top3
it's been about a month since the last time i wrote an entry on lang-8.
somehow my handwriting becomes cuter and more stylish.
i also like doodling using this pen for the same reason.
it would be easier to write with if the grip were thicker.
this is the best pen ever to write with without any pressure.
i love this pen and use up one in about two weeks.
please let me know if you know any good products.
my child
i have a daughter.
she is a year and four months.
she's just started to walk a little.
i can't get what she says correctly but she tries to talk to me every day.
so cute.
she loves picture books.
every day she brings some books to me and asks me to read.
however, she want me to read the same book many time, so one time, i asked her to bring another one, but she didn't.
she loves it and she wants to listen to the story many time every day.
she wanna me to read the same book for many times, so i sometimes ask her to bring another one.
however
she loves it and she wanna listen to the story for many times everyday.
it's not an inferior-to-superior relationship
although i hated a even whiff of smoke, i liked even the scent of smoke from him.
i wanted to remember all that i knew of him, so i began using his license plate number as my passwords.
ever since i graduated from high school, i haven't seen him, but almost my passwords still include the four numbers of his license plate.
several days ago, i opened a new bank account and needed a pin for deposits and withdrawals..
i agonized whether i should use the four number again or not.
i decided to create a new password for the new account.
after that, i tried to withdraw some money from an atm yesterday.
i have to go the the bank to create a new password.
although i hated the smell of smoke, i liked even the smell of smoke on him.
i wanted to remember everything about him that i knew, so i began using his license plate number for my passwords.
since i graduated from high school, i haven't seen him, but almost all of my passwords still include the four numbers of his license plate number.
i agonized about whether i used the four numbers again or not.
however, i couldn't recall the new password and failed to withdraw money with the wrong number three times.
what is the oldest acceptable age for a man you would get married to?
i like speaking english but i'm not good at reading and writing.
i know the reason.
that is because i don't like to study grammar.
if i want to study grammar, would you tell me how to study it effectively??
today is the first day back at the office.
i got an order from my customer in west africa.
this feeling is so nice. it kept me busy for the whole morning until now.
i have done a lot of things that other people couldn't understand.
i always try to be careful when choosing what to wear.
i'm always dressed neatly when i go out.
he always wears casual clothing which looks very much alike.
i'm always dressed very smart when i go out.
one day, i found a package of curry spice delivered from the famous company gaban on amazon.
i once bought another spice from gaban, and it was good, but expensive.
this was not the same one, and it was cheaper.
i bought it, but it was so bad that i gave up on eating it and threw it away.
my hobby is mountain climbing.
i want to have my hair cut every three months.
i've cut my hair since i was a first grader in high school.
now, i'm thinking about having my hair cut at a hair salon so as to change my hairstyle.
however, my girlfriend told me that i should grow my forelock to my eyebrows, and i would look better with it.
now, i'm thinking about having my hair cut at a hair salon and change my hair style.
however, i was told by my girl friend that i should grow my forelock to my eyebrows and i looked better with it.
today i ate thai food for dinner. it was very delicious, but expensive.
because the portion size was small and the price was high.
there were only two of us but we ordered four items. we ate all of them.
do both sentences have the same meaning and make sense?
and, which sentence do you think is better?
i would be grateful if you could create the invoice requesting payment from the publisher.
overuse of subtitles in japanese tv programs
japanese tv programs, especially some variety shows, tend to use too many subtitles.
i'm not talking about the subtitles like those on cnn news with english subtitles.
japanese tv programs put japanese subtitles on their japanese language programs, and they're not for persons with hearing disabilities.
i'm not sure of their purpose, but i guess they would make spoken language more explicit or clear or something like that.
of course, there are criticisms of this trend.
i'm afraid that this will make japanese people less intelligent in the future.
japanese tv programs, especially some variety shows, tend to overuse subtitles.
i'm not talking about subtitles like the english ones on cnn news.
japanese tv programs do put japanese subtitles on their japanese language programs, although they're not for persons with hearing disabilities.
i'm not sure of their purpose, but i guess they would make spoken language more explicit, understandable or something like that.
i'm afraid that this could make japanese people less intelligent in the future.
so you should read it!
next, the thoughtful story.
third, the shocking twist ending.
first, the zoo can be indoors or outdoors.
next, zoos can either be in the city or in rural areas.
lastly, zoos charge money.*
one of the members in an english study group said to me,
sugar is good for our brains,
i wondered if she and her family have never worried about their health conditions.
my friend and i went on a trip to yamanashi during our last summer holiday.
it was cloudy when we arrived there but it gradually became sunny and eventually we could see it.
we could also see the magnificent view of mt.
after the final reserve determination date, there will be no more determination of the amount of projected profit oil and transfer of additional interest between knoc and the government.
i'm writing here for the first time in a year.
it doesn't mean i haven't learned english. on the contrary, i've kept studying english almost every day.
i've just found it hard to improve my english by studying by myself.
although i'm sure my hardwork has paid off, i can't expect myself to improve my english skills so much, especially speaking.
i used to focus on memorizing new words or phrases and watching english tv or movies.
now along with those things i'm trying to put out words that i've accumulated through writing and talking to myself.
i'll see how well it works on me.
worn out chairs, tables and many other objects were untidily dispersed, awaiting their turn to be repaired.
the carpenter took a pencil and drew a line on the enlarged fingers, grabbed a saw, and cut them, following the sketch.
actually, i want to take a nap more often.
it's been a long time since i came and wrote something here.
even though i'm halfway with learning english, i have an urge to learn other languages.
chinese, japanese or spanish.
but right now, i have to concentrate on my own studies.
a husband was lying on the hospital bed and said to his wife,
the wife thought a little while and said in a quiet voice,
the wife thought a little and said quietly,
i got a new job in a purchasing department of a shipping company.
i had to go through three job interviews and that was very tough for me.
meguro has a river whose riverbank has beautiful cherry blossoms every spring.
are the sentences below grammatically correct?orare the sentences below incorrect?
i was supposed to go to a famous place in my hometown, but i gave up because i got caught in a traffic jam on the way there.
after this speech you will like them.
after this speech you will like japan more.
after this speech you will be able to learn about the troubles of living in snow country.
cover letter for a job
i first became interested in nonprofits when i studied them at university in japan.
i have grown very curious about the myriad differences between nonprofits in the united states and those in japan since i came to the united states last september.
i have been researching many nonprofits as well as volunteering for some of them.
i was captain of my basketball club for nine years.
for the past year, i was treasurer of the basketball team in university.
we had over one hundred students and numerous events, so i managed a considerably large budget.
i have great confidence in myself to do what i am given with responsibility. i am also good at planning, organizing, and achieving goals with a team.
i am impressed by your organization's strong vision and would be honored to be involved in your new project.
i believe i have the background and qualifications to be an enormous asset to your organization as the head of your new project.
my experience as treasurer will allow me to successfully step into your position and hit the ground running.
i look forward to speaking with you soon.
even though it is true that in light of the recent events, one can only feel ashamed for supporting the rights that have caused so much mayhem in the first place, there is no reason to believe that monsters will stop being monsters overnight by changing the right of a million other people who are only interested in protecting their loved ones and their property.
there is a debate for every backpacker who wants to venture into the " parque nacional torres del paine".
for those who do not know what the "torres del paine" is, it is a group of spectacular and majestic mountains located in chile south america, recently declared the eighth wonder of the world.
returning to that debate, we all discuss what kind of trail to do before venturing. there is the "w" and "o" trail, if you are rookie and going for the first time, it is better that you do the "w" if you go a second time, got more time, and very good physical condition, you can do the "o"trail then.
damn!
anyway i have asthma, i'm always slow lol!
on my next day, i went through "los cuernos" area, my third stop, hiking downhill, it will make you want to cry. it's another world, it's another scenical place, you feel peace, your heart beat so loud, no words just watch the panorama in silence, thinking about how tiny we are in this world.
sometimes i think that to watch sunrises and sunshines in there should be a mandatory expericence especially before you die.
my guess: there is a debate among every backpacker who wants to visit the torres del paine national park in chile.
feeling confident and brave, i chose the" w" trail starting from laguna amarga near the park entrance.
my first stop, laguna amarga, is a beautiful, hypnotic lake that can appear green, blue, even red lake.
after that i went to campamento torresand i left my backpack there, to walk less encumbered.
things went well until i reached the mirador de las torres, my second itinerary stop. from there it seemed like mountain climbing without end. i slowly ascended and some foreigners next to me who were not so tired, overtook me. i took breath and prayed for the strength to continue, but i was also a foreigner but what the hell do these foreigners eat?
there is a debate for every backpacker who wants to venture to the "parque nacional torres del paine".
for those who do not know what the "torres del paine" are, they are a group of spectacular and majestic mountains located in chile, recently declared the eighth wonder of the world.
feeling very confident and brave, i chose the" w" trail starting from "laguna amarga" at the park entrance.
my first stop, "laguna amarga", is a green, blue, red lake, beautiful and hypnotic. it looks like an illusion.
afterwards i went to "campamento torres" and i left my backpack there, to walk less encumbered.
anyway i have asthma, i'm always slow, lol!
i returned to "campamento torres" later, i was tired but i could not sleep because i was excited about that experience.
on my next day, i went through "los cuernos" area, my third stop, hiking downhill, its like you want to cry, it's another world, it's another scenic place, you feel peace, your heart beats so loud, no words just watch the panorama in silence, thinking about how tiny we are in this world.
sometimes i think that it should be mandatory to watch sunrises and see the sun shine there before you die.
i felt that i left something of myself there, a piece of my soul maybe, i felt like i was leaving home and something told me that i must go back again. i hope i will!
nobody tells you beforehand that you may leave a part of yourself in this place, a new check i guess!
in the end, i arrived at "laguna amarga" where my group and i could see two pumas in their natural habitat, another wonderful and sudden event, and we closed with a flourish.
if i were to choose a single word to summarize this trip, the word would be "sublime", it's another universe, a fantastic space to awaken your senses and find yourself.
during the mess, a young employee who just joined last spring quit suddenly without any notice.
he didn't even try to learn his job, but just did what other workers told him to do, so i don't think he had any motivation from the beginning.
he called the office on sunday and quit immediately, leaving his unfinished work as it is.
he hasn't done any important jobs, but i had him read meters for me, so now i had to do that in heavy snow.
according to his father, who came to the office and talked with the boss, he didn't like reading meters by himself.
i was surprised that his dad even came!
if it was my generation, he would be scolded for being too naive and weak.
i logged onto lang-8 for the first time in a while.
during the chaos, a young employee who had just joined last spring quit suddenly without any notice.
according to his dad who came to the office to talk to the boss, he didn't like this meter reading by himself.
i logged in to lang-8 for the first time in a while.
during the mess, a young employee who just joined last spring quit suddenly without any notice.
he hadn't even tried to remember his job but just did what the other worker told him to do, so i think he didn't have any motivation from the beginning.
he called the office on sunday and quit suddenly s leaving his work unfinished.
he hadn't done any important job but i made him read meters instead of me, so i ended up having to do that in heavy snow.
according to his dad, who came to the office to talk to the boss, he didn't like this reading meters by himself.
if it was my generation, he would be scolded for being too naive and wussy.
as far as i know, we're supposed to take an iq test in elementary school.
i guess a lot of japanese people know the word "eq", but it's probably not super common.
today i read an article online called "what's intelligent people really like."
it said that when bumping into certain information, intelligent people are able to get way more from it.
they're able to read between the lines, see the true intentions and find out the unwritten rules within.
today i read an article online, whose title was "what are intelligent people really like."
today, i read an article online called "what intelligent people are really like."
it said that when we encounter certain information, intelligent people are able to take way more away from it.
i confused myself
during the olympics games like the current pyeongchang olympics, almost all tv programs would run breaking news captions immediately after japanese players won the medal of any color.
a short while ago, i was watching some recorded tv programs and there came a breaking news announcement about winning a gold medal, and foolishly i switched the channel to the program which seemed to be broadcasting a livestream of the olympic games.
that news was about the women's team last night.
i recently upgraded the os of my laptop computer from windows 8 to 10.
since i did it, the number of times my pc freezes has increased.
besides that, i feel very stressed, because i'm not still used to the os.
two exhibitions i want to visit
there is a museum near to my home.
recently, there has an exhibition for antiques of pompeii.
these antiques were borrowed and shipped from italy.
i have an interest in that exhibition.
i want to go to visit it.
... of ancient treasures...
i want to visit there too.
today, one of my coworkers told me that it was really good to run outside in the morning to start off a good day.
i'm really open to what i heard, so whenever someone tells me something good, i want to try and see whether the thing is good or bad for myself.
preparing to move house
there are 2 weeks left before i leave here.
i clean my house every day.
i have been trying not to buy many things, because i knew i would leave my house in 2 years for my job.
my house r feels with fewer things after doing dnshari.
after doing danshari, it feels better in my house with less things.
i started watching it because i had heard it's great material for english learners and now, i'm really into it!
though i thought it was not as good as i had expected when i had been watching the first season, but i believe it gets more exciting with each episode.
all main characters are fascinating but my favorite one is ross.
i started watching it because i had heard it's a great material for english learners and now, i'm really into it!
though it was not as good as i had expected while i had been watching the first season, i believe it gets more exciting with each episode.
i had not experienced this type of work until i started working at my current company.
that my position is very important for promoting our company and products.
so i feel a little pressure but also feel highly motivation motivated.
ren oosugi, who is a japanese actor, passed away last night.
he was a really good actor.
please correct following sentences to sound more natural for natives.
the m fab system changes what is considered common sense for semiconductor fabrication.
so, even a student can.
m fab makes semiconductors more creative.
this simple idea created a new semiconductor fabrication system called m fab.
we will be free from too much cost and time.
i hope to go to pyeongchang!
it's very cold this morning, and i don't want to catch the cold.
i am wearing the clothes of winter so that it keeps warm.
it's been cold and warm recently.
health management is difficult.
a famous female columnist caused a stir on twitter.
"i have something to say to people in the tv industry.
what she was saying is that only the medalists are commendable at the olympic games, and the people cheering for then are ordinary.
white lie
i had to tell a white lie to my parents.
my mother came back home after the operation.
every time, it snowed heavily.
my visa is tier 5 which should work for two years.
i've wasted four months of my visa in japan, so i can stay only one more year.
i really like british magazines, so i thought i would like to gain a lot of experience here.
my visa is tier 5 which means i am able to work for two years.
i've wested a term four month of my visa in japan so i can stay only one more year.
i am doing photography.
i'm going to write about religion in japan, though i'm afraid it will be a little difficult for me.
many japanese are not especially religious including me.
it is said that 99% of the population is shintoist while around 80% is buddhist.
i guess that monotheism and polytheism can coexists somehow but i'm not sure.
i'm a buddhist formally just because of my parents and family, but i don't think i identify with any specific buddhist sect.
furthermore, i may believe in shintoism, so not a specific god but, multitudinous gods, rather than buddha whom i don't know well.
and in my opinion this kind of not-so-religious custom is not such a bad thing, because there has been lots of confusion around the world throughout the history, not to mention terrorism.
i do agree with this proverb.
i also want to say the intellect is mightier than all kinds of weapons!
sometimes, the intellect can be replaced by love or goodwill.
therefore, i want to develop my intellect and make the best use of it in my daily life.
speaking of which, i felt the power of intellect in a heartwarming story on a tv show the other day.
a mother who was a prison breaker and led a new life by assuming a new identily was sentenced to 18 years' in prison.
her family was all surprised by this becuase they didn't know about their mother's real past.
and they made a homepage to save their mother.
many people who were helped by her wrote letters to the court to send her back to her family.
and the court decided to shorten her prison sentence from 18 years to 13 months.
in japan, which many foreigners love and think of as a very kind country, these kind of things never happen.
to be honest, japanese people are very indifferent to others by nature.
i was very moved and found that this story is very unique and interesting.
a mother who was a prison breaker and led a new life by assuming a new identity was sentenced to 18 years' imprisonment.
a mother who had broken out of prison and was leading a new life by assuming a new identity was sentenced to 18 years' imprisonment.
although they were very shocked that she hadn't revealed the truth to them, their love for her didn't change at all.
many people she had helped wrote letters to the court to send her back to her family.
who is my miss right?
i went to the bus station to pick up nancy today, and have planned to give her a surprise.
so i arrived at the station an hour before she did.
because the new year just passed, a great deal of people came back to beijing for work from their hometowns.
i imagined how happy nancy would be when she sees me.
when i woke up the other day, i turned on the wifi and took a look at wechat as usual
the signal was so bad that there were no messages.
i think i should make good use of this day to review my studies, and prepare for work.
from the message i can judge she wants me to pick her up.
i ran toward the subway.
nancy is having her internship now; she will work here for three more months and then start her postgraduate studies.
she will be in school for three more years.
in my heart, i want to find a girl to marry.
nancy is so adorable, but how long will our relationship last?
a little cold
today is a little colder than yesterday.
so i don't feel well, but i'll do my best to work!!
after today and tomorrow, i have a day off, haha.
what should i do my next day off?
i don't know if it's busy today, but i want to have a busy day, because i think busy day is a lot of fun!!
so if it's a busy day, i'll do my best today too!!
anyway, today's english challenge!!
i can't take my eyes off tv because i have fun watching the olympics.
i don't think it's a good sentence, so please check the sentence.
it is big news that ice skater kodaira got a gold medal at the olympics.
in addition, there was a focus on her behavior.
she said, "i have confidence for my life.
i finished choosing my new team members for the next fiscal year yesterday.
shortly after i attend school, i have to apply for the toeic test online.
i have frequently been meeting with my friends this month.
we usually met at the gym to train.
generally, we are training at different times and places.
it can make the other students still feel confident when they are frustrated or enter a bottleneck on their study and research.
it's ridiculous. i looked around my laboratory and i didin't find any students that accord with such a description.
that's so tough; however, that's my english-learning goal.
that's very difficult, but
my daughter was in a good mood this morning.
she was in a really bad mood yesterday morning.
maybe the worst mood ever.
i usually change her diaper first thing after she gets up every morning.
yesterday, she rejected it.
she also didn't try eating the breakfast that my wife made.
she just rejected everything yesterday.
my daughter's teacher told my wife that my daughter ate all of her lunch  at school.
in a complete reversal, she asked me to feed her breakfast just after she got up this morning.
i appreciate it when someone makes foods for me.
it's only natural.
i want my daughter to learn that lesson.
while i was talking with the staff, i felt like i was a little in bad mood for no reason.
the sudden call woke me up, and though i was still half asleep, i answered the phone anyway.
while i was talking with the staff, i felt like i was in a bit of a bad mood for no reason.
i do hope nobody calls me in the morning again.
i'm really moved and i'm proud of them.
i was really moved and i'm proud of them.
last night, i watched the women's speed skating team pursuit at the pyeongchang olympics on tv.
"the cooks almost always put in charlottes quantities of small pellets in pink and white sugar.
when i heard that there was a russian charlotte at dinner and that the husband had written to someone about hundreds and thousands, i naturally brought the two things together.
i immediately understood that he could not leave this little girl, young and pretty, in peace.
europe was divided religiously because at that time some countries in europe were supporting the protestant reformation, and they considered the ottomans as strategic partners against catholicism.
with this treaty, the pope allowed the spanish king, felipe ii, the freedom to conduct military action in the mediterranean sea.
the pope was interested in stopping the ottoman advance and he hoped that spain would end this threat.
i don't know why the spaniards call this city lepanto.
he spent five years as a prisioner of war in argel.
when he returned to spain, he started writing books.
when he wrote don quijote, the best book of spanish literature, he added one chapter where a character, who could be him, explains his experience as a prisioner of war in argel to quijote.
he died shortly after publishing his last book, don quijote.
prisoner of war in argel
europe was religiously divided because at that time some countries of europe were supporting the protestant reformation, and they considered the ottomans as strategic partners against catholicism.
he spent five years as prisoner of war in argel.
when he wrote don quijote, the best book of the spanish literature, he added one chapter were a character who could be him explains his experience as prisoner of war in argel to quijote.
i often watch olympic games on tv.
i did not expect to see japan's curling team putting up a good fight.
i often watch the olympic games on tv.
the cinematographers were a palestinian and an israeli. they interviewed people who they met along route 181, which is the 1947 partition line.
both palestinians and israelis live together in a "never ending story", if i am allowed to make such a controversial statement.
the day before yesterday, i went to a cultural centre to watch a movie called 'route 181'.
the filmmakers were a palestinian and an israeli, and they interviewed people who they met along route 181 which marks the 1947 partition line.
if you'd indulge my layman's metaphor, both palestinian and israeli are living together in the never ending story.
the day before yesterday, i went to a cultural centre to watch a movie titled 'route 181'.
the filmmakers were a palestinian and an israeli, and they interviewed people who they met along the route.
both palestinians and israelis live together in a never ending story, so to speak.
i am so tired that it seems that i cannot go on, nor eat, sleep, or do anything...
i would like to go back to my childhood...
then my parents were young, and my grandparents were still alive.
i also wanted to buy bulgur, but alas.
at home there is oatmeal and cutlets made by my mother - not bad.
oatmeals will be in the breakfast and the lunch tomorrow.
i walked home confidently with the bread in the bag.
and, there is still coffee and milk, why did i get upset?
he disappeared for two weeks, then in the morning the call was like nothing had happened.
this time i need an explanation, otherwise i will leave without hesitating.
this time i need an explanation, otherwise i will leave without hesitating.
a waitress said to the customer, who comes from a large nation in asia, the following thing:
"please refrain from exploring inside of the kitchen.
however, she was wasting her time.
when i was a student, i went on trips with other students in the same grade called shuugaku-ryokou, which means school excursions.
during the trip, we all anticipated staying awake all night talking about different things and staying together in one room.
however, we soon grew tired of talking and slept quietly.
it can't be him!
there's just a few days left for this week to end.
i really like fashion.
i especially love glasses. glasses make you look intelligent!! but they're very expensive.
i really like being fashionable.
i especially love glasses. glasses make you look intelligent!! however, they're expensive.
this means it will help the economically underprivileged while at the same time being environmentally friendly.
i asked a question out there on the english learner stack website, and also received a good answer.
do the negative-polarity adverbs in them trigger inversion, and why?
when a man thinks only of himself, he loses his friends.
today i woke up so late.
i missed the bus for the office then i needed to take a taxi can get to work.
my whole day was going wrong and then someone said that if the start of your day was bad, your whole day with will bad.
i missed the bus for the office, so i took a private cab to reach the office.
my whole day was going wrong. someone said that if the start of your day is bad, the whole day will go bad.
this title is derived from a song, but i try to think about what i would want in an ideal workplace environment.
namely, how would each person view one another?
in the terrible one, each person is tired of working there, so they wouldn't do anything but their duty.
nobody helps one another since that would imply having to do more work.
by doing things right, they would feel left holding the bag.
however, i think helping each other makes work easier for everyone.
a workplace where each person is considerate of others.
i want a workplace just like that.
in a terrible one, each person is tired of working there, so they wouldn't do anything but their duty.
i want something just like this.
the same with a jpeg image on a computer.
170-word analysis of a graph
the graph presents the percentage of australians who exercised regularly in 2010, divided by sex and age range.
as it can be clearly seen, in general, women did more physical activity, with a considerable gap from men, with the exception of teenagers from 15 to 24, where males register a higher figure of 52.8%.
my toeic pretest is coming out on friday.
i can expect how many points i will receive because i was satisfied after taking the test.
i thoroughly studied and maintained my motivation.
i want to get more than 700 points on my toeic.
i don't like to read, but i try to at least read one book written in english a month to improve my english.
i used to buy paper books, but i found that electronic books on kindle were much cheaper.
i have urged my children to read books, but they don't want to.
they were very excited about it, because they really wanted to have their own tablets.
so far, they have been willing to read more than before.
i bet that there is no going back once you try it.
i got kindles for each of my children and told them that they were allowed to get whatever e-books they wanted.
the rules of the game are in the following.
the number of players required to play the game are no more than 2.
the player who says a noun already stated will immediately lose the game.
a player who is not able to come up with a noun also will lose the game.
if all nouns are stated, then the game is over.
the player who does not make any errors will win the game.
the rule must be carefully followed.
anyone is able to judge if a noun is ok or not.
so, let's play the simulation of the game.
i have the impression that we are creating a society where we have a tendency not to care about the people around us.
cities are increasing in population and as a consequence, some neighborhoods are crammed and one would think that it would have given a chance of developing people skills.
but the facts show us another reality.
when i was a child, i used to live in a neighborhood where all the children loved to play outdoors in some square or park.
we loved to practice sports in the streets, we always found a safe place to play.
i made good friends in my childhood, and even now i am close with some of them.
this has a big impact on the way we socialize amongst ourselves.
i was a couch potato for the whole afternoon, watching a tv series focused on medical related affairs.
i also categorized several pics and then photoshopped them to release on social media to get likes.
i seldom do that, but choosing pics and then using apps to combine them and adding moods or explanations is really a time-killer.
it's the last day of the winter vacation, as well as the spring festival holiday!
i spent some time accompanying my grandma, telling her about my trip by showing her photos since i will be busy soon with the new semester.
work in a large company
i prefer to work in a large company because the training system there is well-organized.
it is friendly to newcomers.
i worked as an intern at a big law firm in my city last month.
the assistant taught me how to write an official document, what was the right format and how to get back to customers.
i joined them.
i will value a good time that i spend with my family.
actually, my boss told me to move to another factory next april.
today i feel the ligaments of my left leg, which have been torn for a quite long time, don't hurt as severely as the past days; however i cannot take the risk of going out for exercise yet. -- or --... i still cannot take the risk of going out for exercise.
yesterday i told sophia i had started to hate talking with finae about all the stupid extreme music she likes, but when she's gone the same old solitude hits me once again. -- or --... but when she's goneleft|went the same old solitude hit me once again.
walking on the main street, i made my way through gangs of youngsters in black down jackets who hid themselves in the hazy light of street lamps and the smoke of inferior cigarettes.
the writer started out traveling for one year, and actually he continued to explore the world for six years!
i just started to read the book and i found it very dangerous for me.
so far i just read a few pages, but i already want to quit my job and prepare for traveling!
last night, i was introduced to the book titled "how to travel the world on $50 a day".
the writer started his travel for one year, and actually he continued to explore the world for six years!
i just started to read the book and i found that this book is very dangerous for me.
so far i've just read a few pages, but i already want to quit my job and prepare for traveling!
today in class i learnt about diversity in the workplace.
my lecturer was giving an example of a language barrier and he said that i have a language barrier in english because english is not my first language.
some people like me need visual things to help explain something rather than just the explanation.
i know he didn't intend to make fun of me using me as an example in front of the class but i felt like my english skills were completely disregarded even though i always work hard.
when he was talking about me in the class, i laughed at him and now i don't know if i'm losing confidence in my english.
does anyone understand how i feel?
let's talk about happiness!
i am a happy woman because i have a little son.
whatever others may say, i will persist in my goal.
a younger brother was addicted to the lottery and his older brother tried to exhort him to stop, but failed.
jacques valle and the movie close encounters of the third kind
he studied mathematics at la sorbonne in paris and then received a masters degree in astrophysics.
since he was very young, he was attracted to ufos and related topics.
these interests accompanied him when he moved to usa, where he pursued a prolific career as writer and ufo researcher.
when steven spielberg was in his twenties, he read about jacques vallee, which impressed spielberg deeply.
in his third movie, close encounters of the third kind, one of the main roles is a french scientist, who was inspired by the life of jacques vallee.
the peoung chang olympic was finally held in korea and i'm enjoying watching this lately.
watching the games is always exciting, and once i start, i can't stop watching them watching them.
i especially can't take my eyes off the games such as speed skating and short track because they are the games which korea excels..
today i watched the medal ceremony award for the korean women short track team.
they received  gold medals and looked very happy and emotional.
yes, they have prepared this game for a long time, for at least 4 years, and they were selected for the national team out of many people.
i have heard that the process is very hard.
at the same time it got me thinking, "when will be my olympic day?" i thought perhaps if there is such a day, i would also have to prepare alot for the day like them to arrive to the best day ever in my life.
it is easy for people to compare other people's lives to their own.
since i am a human as well, i started comparing my process of thought with my life.
the peoung chang olympics finally started off and i have been really enjoying watching them recently.
watching the games is always exciting and once i start, i cannot stop watching them.
i especially am addicted to the games like speed skating and short track because they are games which korea excels at.
today i watched the korean women's short track team be awarded medals.
they prepared this game for a long time, for at least 4 years, and they were picked to represent korea from many people.
i heard that selection was very demanding.
i don't know how they felt exactly, but i was overcome with emotion as well.
at the same time, it got me thinking"when is my olympic day?" and if there ever was such a day, i would also need to put my nose to the grindstone.
it is easy for people to compare other people's lives with themselves.
since i am a human as well, i started to comparing my life with theirs.
nowadays a great number of commuters and business travellers have decided that they can work from railway carriages as successfully as they do from their offices, making phone calls.
other railway companies are not eager to take steps against those who treat the carriage as their personal office space preferring to rely upon ostracism by fellow passengers.
other railway companies are not eager to take steps against those who treat the carriage as their personal office space, preferring to rely upon ostracism by fellow passengers.
i ate fried food twice in a row.
after dinner, i exercised for one and a half hours, but i still feel guilty.
tomorrow i want to exercise more to get rid of this feeling.
i went to see the movie called "the greatest showman" on my last day off.
i liked the songs in the movie, so i bought the soundtrack of the movie.
i listen to it every day.
i start to sing it unconsciously.
i listen to "the greatest show" most.
it make me cheerful.
shopping in shinjuku
today, i went shopping in shinjuku.
after that, i went to a cinema and saw an interesting movie.
haha, chinese people are really enthusiastic about receiving guests, and one of our most important occasions to receive guests is inviting them to have a great dinner.
get yourself prepared when you are in china: lots of delicious food to try!
concerning media, i myself can feel this kind of manipulation, like i said in your class, i read the news in english, french and chinese to broaden my vision and learn languages at the same time.
however, sometimes i feel that reports about china are often biased, which is the same case when chinese media reports things that happen in the west.
so maybe this is a bonus of learning a new language: we get to know more about the whole world through different voices and ideologies.
*when i went to a bank, it was already closed.
*i didn't want a cat, but it is starting to grow on me, since i started to live alone.
in the beginning it is always hard, so i get tired easily in a short time.
i will work up to it.
if i stick to it, i will be able to get the good results that i want.
*i've put off touching base with my friend, whom i haven't seen in a long time and i finally got around to do it.
the question to ask here is do you have a cat???if not, maybe....*i didn't like cats, but since i started to live alone they're starting to grow on me,.
or maybe???*i'd been putting off touching base with my friend whom i hadn't seen for a long time but i finally got around to doing it.
very early flight
i booked a flight which will depart at 5:30 am the day after tomorrow.
it sounds pretty tiring, but i'll get over it.
after weeks of mutual disagreements and reproaches between jxcat and erc on the formation of a new government, both parties appear to be close to reaching a final agreement.
sources close to the negotiations said that puigdemont would lead a symbolic republican government in brussels aimed at internationalizing the catalan cause while someone else with executive powers would do the same in catalonia.
nevertheless, puigdemont would still hold the responsibility for establishing the government and the power to decide whether to call for new elections at any given moment.
first, pro-independence parties would use their absolute majority in parliament to proclaim puigdemont's legitimacy as president.
he would then nominate a candidate to exercise the functions of president of catalonia, but with republican criteria.
however, such a move would allow pro-independence parties to confront the spanish government within the current spanish legal framework and internationalize the catalan case.
thus, the third and most feasible option would be elsa artadi, who could have the responsibility of leading the country for the next four years.
after i left there, as i was walking past mcdonald's, i had a sudden urge to eat french fries, but i restrained myself.
recently, my pants have grown tight and needless to say, i've put on weight.
so, i'm even seriously thinking that i might have to go on a diet.
when i was riding my bike past a flower shop on my way home, many beautiful different kinds of flowers piqued my interest and i couldn't help but stop.
a shopkeeper came toward me and said to me, "how may i help you?" i asked him to give me his recommendation for flowers for my small flower bed.
about two years ago, a bud that i had never seen before suddenly appeared in my flower bed and it grew very fast.
it became about 2 meters high and the symbol tree in front of my house.
i thought it was a bird's work.
i looked for the tree's name on the internet.
it was a tree called "shimatoneriko" in japanese and "evergreen ash" in english.
unfortunately, because of the typhoon last october 22, the tree started leaning forward badly.
my husband pulled it out because we were worried it might damage our building itself.
it might have been my fault or it might have been because of the tree.
even though i didn't mean to stay there for such a long time to keep him from his work, i think i was there for thirty minutes or so.
i ended up buying three packages of different kinds of bulbs.
according to the shopkeeper, they don't need any extra work. all i need to do is plant and leave them to grow.
i will take care of those flowers as well as i can.
this afternoon i went shopping.
i saw some flowers at a supermarket, but i didn't buy anything.
after i left there, i was walking through in front of mcdonald, i had a sudden urge to eat french fries, but i was restraining myself from eating it for my diet.
recently, my pants have felt a little tight and needless to say, i have gained weight.
so, i'm seriously considering dieting.
when i was riding my bike and almost passing through a flower shop on my way home, many beautiful different kinds of flowers piqued my interest and i couldn't help but stop.
a shopkeeper came toward me and said, "how may i help you?" i asked his advice about plants for my small flower bed.
a couple of years ago, a bud that i didn't recognise suddenly appeared in my flower bed and grew very quickly.
i thought it was the work of a bird.
i scoured the internet to find information about the tree.
it was a tree called, "shimatoneriko" in japanese and "evergreen ash" in english.
i was wondering how many meters more the tree would grow.
i had mixed feelings though.
it could have been my fault or the tree's.
listening to this situation, the shopkeeper kindly gave me a lot of sage advice.
even though i didn't want to keep him from his work, i think i was there for thirty minutes or so.
since there were no other customers, i guess the shopkeeper was happy to talk to me.
according to the shopkeeper, they don't require any extra work. all i need to do is plant them and let nature take its course.
i will take care of those flowers very well as my best.
a shopkeeper came toward me and said to me, "how may i help you?" i asked him if he could recommend me flowers for my small flower bed.
about two years ago, i found a bud that i had never seen before in my flower bed and it grew very fast.
it grew about 2 meters high and became the symbol tree in front of my house.
it might have been my fault or it could have been because of the tree.
i will take care of those flowers to the best of my ability.
i saw some flowers at a supermarket, but i didn't buy any.
after i left, i was walking past mcdonald's when i got the sudden urge to eat french fries, but i didn't give in.
recently, my pants have gotten tighter, and needless to say, i've put on some weight.
so, i'm seriously considering going on a diet.
a shopkeeper approached me and said, "how may i help you?" i asked him to recommend some flowers for my small flower bed.
it grew to about two meters high and became the landmark tree in front of my house.
i looked up the tree on the internet.
i had kinda mixed feelings about it, though.
listening to this situation, the shopkeeper kindly offered me a lot of wise advice.
the flowers look exotic and beautiful.
according to the shopkeeper, they don't require any extra work. all i need to do is plant and let them grow.
according to the shopkeeper, they don't need extra work, so all i should do is plant and leave them as they grow.
they argue that the results of the latest election no longer allow them to take unilateral steps,
at least not until support for independence reaches more than 50% of the votes in an election.
i had the same problem a few years ago and i finally found a healthy balance.
i should say, it was hard for me to get use to all of these changes.
secondly, you should walk to work. it is the easiest way to work out when you do not have a huge amount of free time.
do not despair.
my bad habit: watching too many video clips.
a bad habit that i want to get rid of is excessively watching video clips.
regardless of the kind of youtube clips or tv shows, once i jump into that visual, i find myself spending too much time. way more than i expected!
the problem isn't just that it takes a bunch of my time, but also, it entails other bad effects.
for instance, having bad posture gives me a stiff neck.
two, my eyes go dry.
i read somewhere else,
those words lead me to ponder tonight.
i have a t-shirt printed with the word 'navy'.
what do you think of this logo?
i bought this t-shirt in korea a long time ago.
what does 'navy' mean?
i will throw out my t-shirt if that logo has a weird meaning.
i have only four days to go before studying abroad.
honestly, i'm feeling a mix of nervousness and excitement now, so i'm trying to being positive and have confidence in myself.
today, i want to write about japanese job hunting culture because i can't explain it well in english.
japan has a unique system of job hunting.
japanese companies prefer to recruit new graduates and many simultaneously hire new graduates once a year.
one of the reasons they prefer to hire new graduates is that they are easy to train to fit their corporate culture.
so new graduates have an advantage in job hunting in japan and most of them start working soon after graduating.
usually, in their senior year, they start preparing for job hunting by attending career seminars, and this job hunting generally continues through june or july of their senior year.
during the job hunting period, most of them dye their hair black and wear black suits.
it looks really strange and lacks individuality.
in addition, most of them don't even come to university until finishing their job hunting.
but i hope this explanation made sense.
the second option would be jordi turull, who will probably also be suspended by the spanish supreme court in a few months.
after weeks of disagreements and reproach between jxcat and erc on the formation of a new government, both parties appear to be close to reaching a final agreement.
sources near the negotiations said that puigdemont would lead a provisional republican government in brussels aimed at internationalizing the catalan cause while someone else with executive powers would do the same in catalonia.
nevertheless, puigdemont would still be responsible for the appointment of the new government and he would have the power to call new elections at any given moment.
he would then nominate a candidate for appointment as a head of government to exercise the functions of president of catalonia, but with republican criteria.
however, this move would allow pro-independence parties to confront the spanish government within the current spanish legal framework and internationalize the catalan case.
the second option would be jordi turull, who would also likely be suspended by the spanish supreme court in a few months.
thus, the third, and most feasible option would be elsa artadi, who could be responsible for leading the country for the next four years.
she led his campaign for the dec.
21st election and is currently leading the negotiations between jxcat and erc.
presumably, her election as president would allow puigdemont to control the executive power of catalonia since she would be willing to let him lead from brussels.
as for the formation of a government, jxcat and erc have decided to split the governmental functions 50-50 and each party will decide on its own ministers.
they contend that the results of the latest election do not allow them to take unilateral steps any longer.
at least not until support for independence reaches more than 50% of the votes in an election.
there's a rumor about my former boss and former colleague being in a romantic affair with each other.
they're the same age and have been working together for more than 10 years.
also, both of them like playing golf and would often practice together.
i know this because they practice with other people, not just themselves.
i've practiced with them too.
because they seem like they have such a close relationship, my co-workers often gossip behind their back. they say things like "are they dating?" or "i've heard she thinks they're in a relationship, but he thinks that they're just friends."
i personally think they are just friends because they don't try to hide their relationship.
they often go to lunch in public, and they don't golf alone.
my boss would sometimes talk to me about her.
i thought that if they were in a relationship, they wouldn't do those things.
so i believed their relationship was just platonic.
but last monday, to my surprise, my co-worker who worked with my boss texted me.
"did you hear...?
"they got married!"
this caught me off guard.
to be honest, my boss doesn't seem like the kind of guy who's interested in marriage.
i thought he liked being a loner.
sorry. i like imagining.
he revealed their marriage only to the workers in his project, but a couple of days later, almost everyone in my company knew.
people really like to gossip!
i watched the movie called "kick ass 2" on blu-rays tonight.
i watched the previous movie the day before yesterday and i couldn't wait to watch it.
"kick ass 2" was actually as good as i'd expected, because the screenplay was not good.
i couldn't concentrate in the movie either because too many characters were there.
they surely had what they wanted to do and must have done it for themselves and other people in their town.
i had been there with them.
i decided, from now on, i need to do three things every day.
correcting and posting a dairy on the site lang8, practicing my listening and reading of foreign languages.
i have written a dairy on this site for nearly a year.
i have made many new friends.
during the winter vacation, sometimes i don't know what to do at home.
i decided that from now on i need to do three things every day.
correct and post a diary entry on the lang-8 site, exercise hearing of foreign languages and reading.
i have written my dairy on this site for nearly a year.
i have known many new friends.
this is a good habit.
last night i couldn't close my eyes, whereas today i couldn't open my eyes.
i think my boss didn't realize what i was doing these days even though i sent him an e-mail to report my situation.
whatsoever, i decided to take a rest on friday.
could you correct it please?
the responsibilities of an english tutor are:
organizing and planning classes.
i have a question about english usage.
ken has a lot of friends,who help him when he is in trouble.
ken has a lot of friends to help himself out of problems.
or, are both of them correct?
my reading skills are worse than i imagined
i know my english writing skills don't have any problems.
however, i recently noticed that my reading skills are worse than my writing skills.
if the thing written in it is saying the opposite thing from my understanding which is not necessarily correct, i tend to ignore it.
this is a very scary thing.
i don't know how many things i had ignored.
luckily, i haven't caused any serious problems yet.
however, i need to improve my reading skills.
my baby started eating baby food about three weeks ago.
the next week, he ate boiled and mashed carrots, pumpkin and spinach.
during the first month, he ate baby food once a day.
the second month, the frequency of his meals increased to two times a day.
i want to talk about my grandmother's illness.
during the time she was there we visited her.
she passed away and right now i regret i didn't drive to see her more often.
she felt a lot of pain and didn't remember the basic details of her life.
this is not normal aging.
maybe it isn't cancer, but i think that the mental illness is worse.
maybe the worst, i don't know.
every illness requires treatment for the cure.
even love!
health, family and love are very important parts of us.
a half marathon
i have not exercised in a long time, so i was worried i might not be able to run the entire course.
i started running a few months ago, but every time i run, about 2 or 3 days after the exercise, my body aches.
this delayed muscle pain clearly indicates that i am getting old.
what makes things worse is that my joints are often in pain.
this is the first experience with this pain i have ever had in my whole life.
there are some parts of my body i had never experienced pain in before i started running.
i'd like to watch the olympic game at 8 p.m. the curling game of japanese women will be on air.
of course, i do too.
in such situations, some songs help me to feel refreshed.
he won several grammy awards this year.
this is because i like a hip-hop music which is kind of melodious, but i didn't feel so on his album.
there are 6 people in my family.
my dad lives in sendai and my mom lives in fujieda where is her parents' home.
after he lost his parents and retired his own job, he currently lives as he likes.
my dad lives in sendai and my mom lives in fujieda where her parents have a home.
they got divorced several years ago.
my dad is a free spirit.
after he lost his parents and retired from his job, he started living as he pleased.
juan: whose umbrella?
juan: did someone forget his umbrella in the hall?
juan: whose umbrella is this?
alberto: not me.
diana: not me.
are you leaving?
juan: did someone forget his or her umbrella in the hall?
motivation is a very important thing to make a good performance in a job, but it is hard for us to keep well-motivated.
if i didn't have the goal, my days would become mundane.
i believe that lang-8 is one of the useful instruments for us not only to practice writing in a language we are learning, but to be able to exchange interesting information about the difference in culture, history, etc between people from various backgrounds.
i thought it was an imperative sentence, but i found that 's' was added in the verb "sharpen."
i thought that it was an imperative sentence, but then noticed that 's' was added to the verb "sharpen."
i often think that i can do what i really can't do correctly.
however, when i notice that i can't in fact do it, i try to accept my present situation.
i often think that i can do what we really can't do correctly.
that just means i don't the ability to get him listen to me.
i often think that i can do something that i can't really do correctly.
i just might be thick headed, or it may be very hard for me to know myself.
however, when i notice that i can't do it. i try to accept my present situation.
that just means i don't have enough ability to make them listen to me.
i easily misunderstand what i can do and what i really can't do.
if the other person doesn't listen to me, that's not their fault.
that just means i don't have the ability to make them listen to me.
i want to go to the convenience store but it's too cold outside.
- i had a lot of liquor.
japanese women's curling team, "ls kitami" is going to play against switzerland tonight.
they eat snack during the halftime, we call it a "halftime snack time".
in the previous game, the halftime was not broadcast, so many people protested to nhk.
by the way, they ate a snack called "red silo".
the japanese women's curling team, "ls kitami," is going to play against switzerland tonight.
if they win this game, they will advance to the semifinals for the first time.
they are really popular.
there is a halftime in curling.
they eat snacks during halftime, so we call it "halftime snack time."
nhk did not show the halftime in the previous game, so many people protested.
by the way, they ate a snack called "red silo."
they have become popular.
many people have been buying it since then.
the dog was initially a type of semi-wild hound among some taiwanese aboriginals in high latitude areas.
it can not only walk on rugged mountain paths agilely but also weave through lush jungle bushes easily.
two lackeys of the ministry have been put up at the same inn as us.
two lackeys of the ministry have been put up at the same inn as we.
this high-pitched sound accompanied me on my way towards the valley.
it was interrupted only when the sharp metal edges pushed against the mountain side, making the snow groan softly under my weight, or when my turning manoeuvres caused small avalanches that quietly rolled down the slope.
marriage makes the relationship between married couples become strong.
i've been married for more than 22 years.
as i remember it, my wife and i had a lot of troubles and problems.
however, i really feel that marriage makes our relationship become stronger.
as i remember, my wife and i had a lot of troubles and problems.
however, i really feel that marriage makes our relationship stronger.
marriage makes the relationship between married couples strong
however, i really feel that marriage has made our relationship stronger.
i was inspired by the power of something.
the mountain was about 600 meters high.
i started the hike at 3:00 p.
even though the sun was supposed to set at 5:40 p.
i didn't know whether i could reach the top of the mountain and come back to my starting point by sunset, but i decided to see where i ended up.
this mountain was located near the city and has some nice city viewpoints, so i could enjoy beautiful city views along the way.
as the altitude got higher, the amount of snow around the trail increased, and then, eventually, the trail became completely white.
the signboard read "almost there!" and, below that, "third-grade elementary students in 1983".
i was inspired by the power of voices uttered by little kids 36 years ago.
the words encouraged me and warmed my heart.
of course, i managed to reach the mountaintop and get back to my starting point by sunset.
i think it was an amazing and fantastic thing.
i want to remain such behind words that will help someone out in the future.
xiong zhiyi
xiong zhiyi went to chang'an to participate in the imperial examinations.
it was the autumn, and it had been raining several weeks.
this person was called fan ze, he was there to attend the eaxm too.
but his horse had died, and his money was used up too.
xiong zhiyi gave his horse and money to fan ze.
fan chi chi finished the exam, and he passed the exam.
but xiong did not go to the exam that year.
there is one of my friends who really loves to save his money all the time.
he always tries to find cheap meals because he does not have money that he's willing to spend.
usually, i see that he looks not so happy and the only moment when he looks happy is when he checks his balance.
although there are advantages to saving your money, like for emergency situations, i strongly insist that you should feel happier when you earn money for the purpose of using it.
my friend who loves to save his money does not even use it for what he really needs because he does not like to draw from his savings.
i assume that even after he has gotten old, he will not use his money because he will have become too used to saving his money.
on the other hand, once you have learned how to use your money properly, you can choose what is really important for you, and what is really necessary for you.
in japan, a lot of people prefer and enjoy saving money for the future.
plus, you can also use your money to get more money by investing for yourself, stocks, electric currencies, real estate and not just saving it.
because of these reasons, you should enjoy your money when you earn it it.
in conclusion, i believe that people should feel happier when they earn money.
not only does this help to enjoy your life, but also because you need to learn how to use your money properly.
usually, i see that he doesn't look happy and the only moment when he looks happy is when he checks his balance.
by just saving your money, you are not learning anything.
plus, you can also use your money to get more money by investing for yourself, stocks, digital currencies, real estate etc., instead of just saving it.
currently, this phenomenon is becoming a more serious social problem because most people tend to save their money rather than to use it, and consequently, the economic cycles are not going well.
however, i agree with the statement that it is better to enjoy your money when you earn it for the following reasons.
one of my friends really loves to save his money all the time.
he always tries to find cheap meals because he does not have money to spend.
usually, i notice that he looks unhappy and the only moment when he looks happy is when he checks his balance.
in addition, you should practice using your money properly for the future.
on the other hand, once you learned how to use your money properly, you can choose what is really important for you, and what is really necessary for you.
plus, you can also use your money for getting more money by investing in yourself, stocks, crypto-currencies, real estate, or anything other than just saving it.
i believe this makes your life more valuable.
for these reasons, you should enjoy your money when you earn it by using it.
there are many different opinions that students choose to attend schools or universities outside their home countries.
in my opinions, it is advantageous for many students to attend schools or universities outside their home countries.
i feel this way for several reasons, which i will explore in the following essay.
to begin with, there are a lot of social issues such as an aging society, declining population, and the recession.
with the development of technology, we are required to gain a degree and certification.
academic background is very important to get a better job in modern society.
therefore, many people make plans to study abroad, so they can obtain special skills and the abilities to secure our lives in the future.
for example, my friend went studying abroad to get international qualifications.
if he gets that, he would be promoted to a higher position in the future.
english is a very helpful skill in every aspect of my life in the future.
studying abroad can be a great way of perspective.
a couple of days ago a foreigner asked me how to go to the umeda sky building?
i told her "umeda sky building, first go down this street and at the traffic accident turn left then you should walk for 5 minutes and you will find it".
uh... i wonder if she found it??
today was a loooong day.
work left me exhausted and i felt like dying
work was exhausting. i felt like dying.
there's no comeback after doing that.
when i watched curling of pyeongchang olympic on tv, i felt that it is very interesting.
because the players pitch a stone for a target that i absloutely don't expect.
and i know it starts with "hello" and, the next thing you know, you're trying to be nice, and some guys getting too close trying to pick you up.
it's the same old song and dance, but i think you know it will.
and i know it starts with "hello" and the next thing you know, you try to be nice, and some guy's getting too close, trying to pick you up.
trying to get you drunk. and i'm sure one of your friends is about to come over here 'cause she's supposed to save you from random guys.
when i get a home, may i practice dancing?
you are already tired
when i get home, may i practice for my dance lesson?
- yes, you do.
about 30 years have passed since i came to tokyo.
since i heard the youtuber's opinion, i try to use my dialect sometimes.
when i use my dialect in my head, i became a slightly different personality.
nowadays, computer games have gained increasing popularity among young people. although playing computer games sometimes can have a harmful impact on their work, it can help young adults exercise their brain and make more friends.
playing computer games can impair young adults' health and, therefore, have a negative influence on their work.
the first reason for this is that young adults might play computer games for many hours in a row and feel frazzled and fatigued.
a consequence of this is that they may find it hard to concentrate on their work and  finish their tasks on time.
some video games, such as detective games and drawing games, are designed to develop the brain, which may increase intelligence.
for example, if young adults often play detective games, their speculative nature is likely to enable them to be more analytical when solving real-life problems.
likewise, if young adults are addicted to playing drawing games, they might tap into their potential for drawing.
computer games also play a vital role in building up interpersonal relationships.
for example, young people might make a lot of friends in interactive games online. if they become friends offline, they may have a large friend circle who they can seek out for help when they need it, like if they need to borrow money to help out during an emergency situation.
all in all, even though game addiction may have an adverse impact on their work, it might enable them to be more intelligent and enlarge their friend circle.
mary-san,
i'd like to book an appointment with you.
what's your schedule like next week?
thanks in advance,
are school subjects taught in your mother tongue in your country? #1752
now i understand why the filipinos can speak english very fluently.
however, she told me that most of them are weak in english grammar.
i knew about it because some other online schools' teachers' feedback comments had contained: "i am looking forward to *see* you in my class again!"
are classes at school taught in your native language in your country? #1752
i took an online english class with a teacher who goes by "lovely" tonight.
we discussed education system in the philippines and in japan.
now i understand why filipinos are practically fluent in english.
however, she told me that most of them still have some problems with english grammar.
i already knew that because some other online schools' teachers' feedback comments would say: "i am looking forward to *see* you in my class again!"
i took an online english class with a teacher named "lovely" tonight.
we discussed the educational system in both the philippines and in japan.
i learned that in the philippines, except for tagalog language class, or their mother tongue classes, all classes are conducted in english.
i now can understand why the filipinos can speak english fluently.
however, she told me that most of their weak points are english grammar.
i knew this because some online school teachers feedback comments contained: "i am looking forward to *see* you in my class again!"
i took an online english lesson from a teacher called "lovely" tonight.
we discussed the education system in the philippines and in japan.
i learned that in the philippines, except for the tagalog language, which is their mother tongue, all the classes are conducted in english.
that explains why the filipinos can speak english very fluently.
however, she told me that their major weak point is english grammar.
i had known that some filipino english teachers often write something like: "i am looking forward to *see* you in my class again!"
but the result of the replacement turned out to be a failure.
i thought you would have memorized the lyrics of the song by now.
the band replaced their former vocalist with the winner of korea's got talent.
i saw today's morning news program on tv.
it had already started, so i didn't know where it happened, but a woman was arrested because she was trying to smuggle two kilograms of gold bullion, hidden in her rectum.
her walking was so weird that it caught the attention of the officer in the airport or seaport.
they finally detected it in her lower stomach using a metal detector.
she was holding two kilograms of gold in her rectum.
how could she have hidden it in her rectum even though it weighed so much and occupied so much space?
how would she take the gold out of her body after she succeeded in smuggling it?
would she poop the gold out?
by the way, i remembered the english word "smuggler" because it was used by captain solo in the movie star wars.
han solo portrayed by harrison ford in episode 4 was really cool.
for example, they can play with children and spend their time on hobbies.
for example, quitting a job earlier is a very premium for workers, so they will spend much money because of pleasure.
however, i wonder what a well-balanced diet is.
there are lot of vegetarians in the world, and on the other hand, there are a lot of people who are on a low carb diet.
i am confused.
could you tell me how much and what japanese people should eat, please?
of course, i think moderate exercise and sleep are good for our health.
when a husband came back to his house, he found a naked man on the bed.
when he opened the closet, he found his naked wife hiding there.
when a husband came back to his house, he found a naked man laying down on the bed.
i opened this and found a wine and a card written as "congratulations".
apparently, it seems to be a present that i applied for a campaign of suntory wine present 4 months ago.
i was happy at this unexpected event!
many people around me watch tv to see entertainment programs, but i like to watch educational ones.
for breakfast i have cereal and a cup of tea.
i usually have breakfast at home, but sometimes i eat out.
at the weekend i sometimes go to the restaurants.
i like pasta, but i don't like rice.
in my country people have eggs for breakfast.
i suppose my irritability is due to the fact that my team came off badly in the competition.
i've broken out in a rash, and now i am going to see a doctor.
have you ever broken out in the chickenpox?
recent days, i made a new friend from arizona.
she is a native american.
i'm happy to chat with her on line.
i'll receive a new microphone soon, and then, i can talk with her.
we have already chatted a lot on texts.
last night, i fried squid with vegetables and ate it.
what's more,
i realize that the italian, use gestures to communicate more than other people.
the significance of some common gestures that the italian use, are not known by others. i didn't know this.
i realize that italians, much more than other people, use gestures to communicate.
the meaning of some common gestures that italians use, are not known by others; i didn't know this.
have you ever heard of coffee bags?
i can just throw away the bag when i finish making it.
my friend said he's never seen it in the us.
now i'm sipping a cup of coffee that i made from a coffee bag.
i'm wondering if you've ever heard of coffee bags.
i shared some with my sister and also took some back to my hometown to drink with my siblings when i visited there for my mother's memorial service.
then you just throw away the used bag.
my friend said he's never seen or heard of it in the us.
i'm wondering if you have ever heard of coffee bags.
since an american friend of mine loves coffee, i sent him a box to let him try it.
i can just throw away the bag when i am finished making the coffee.
right now i'm sipping a cup of coffee that i made from a coffee bag.
the man used to be an employee of idemitsu oil company and lived with his wife in saudi arabia and lebonon.
they went back and forth between the two countries during the 1970's.
a war inevitably broke out in beirut after they left for saudi arabia.
finally they seemed to be suspected of colluding with guerrillas.
where can i find a site which will translate sentences for me?
i dislike the google translate; it is very wrong.
i usually drink a cup of coffee after lunch with some milk and sugar.
but i learned that coffee is not good for your health.
especially those people who are sensitive to cold.
but i am feeling very sleepy right now without coffee after lunch...or:...but i'm feeling very sleep right now since i skipped my usual coffee after lunch.
do you drink coffee every day?
the girl's father recommended that she should be given an extra 100 yen every time she saved 500 yen because he wanted her to save some for herself.
i really enjoy writing english essays!
i know only limited grammar and phrases and i can only write simple sentences...
but many foreign people understand what i want to say and reply to it!
i thought that studying a foreign language was boring some years ago.
i think that i didn't know the true charm of studying a foreign language.
so you have to get interested in it when you study a foreign language.
i know because of limited grammar and phrases, i can only write simple sentences...
i thought that studying a foreign language was boring several years ago.
i think i didn't know its real charm.
one of the things that make visitors to japan uneasy may be the fact that more than a few japanese are wearing what look like surgical masks in public.
people wearing surgical masks might scare foreigners, thinking there is an outbreak of some dangerous flu.
ordinary japanese wear masks daily during their commuting, shopping or even during a date.
the purpose of wearing masks varies from preventing from catching the flu to keeping their face warm in winter.
young females sometimes wear them for going out without their make-up, hiding their makeup-free faces.
for myself, i wear them in order to keep moisture in my mouth during sleep because i have a bad nose and tend to breathe through my mouth.
one of the things that make visitors to japan uneasy may be the fact that more than a few japanese are wearing, what appears to be, surgical masks ones in a public places.
the sight of people wearing surgical masks might scare foreigners into thinking of an outbreak of some dangerous pathogen.
they don't have to be afraid, though.there is no cause for fear though.
ordinary japanese wear masks daily during their commuting, shopping or even having a date.
the purpose for wearing masks varies from flue prevention to keeping their face warm in winter.
young female may wear them when they don't apply make-up.
one of the things that may make visitors to japan uneasy may be the fact that more than a few japanese are wearing masks which looks like surgical ones in public.
then japan is a tourism country." indeed many foreigner come to japan and enjoy themselves, but we have to think about those people who do not come to japan.
japan is surrounded by the sea and has smaller land than other continental countries.
in 1960s, japan imported many resources, made many industrial commodities and export them.
however, these days, many japanese factories that used to be in 1960s are closed.
it is because developing countries surrounding japan have improved their quality of products and they can produce at low costs.
so we can't win the race of product definitely.
if we do not think how we can get foreign currency in modern society, we must disappear.
then i think tourism is one of the biggest ways to solve this problem.
however, it is not enough and we have to focus on foreigners who don't come to japan.
if we focus on or think about them, we can find reasons why they don't come to japan, and then we can reform or change something for them.
perhaps that change would make foreigners who have been to japan happy.
then tourism is very good way to solve the problem and if we want to be a true tourism country, we have to focus on those who don't come to japan.
i got home-made japanese crackers, one of them had salty taste and the other had sweet soy sauce taste, from a lady in my neighborhood again.
my friends really loved them, so they asked me if they could bring back some because they are fasting then.
so when the lady visited me, i told her that i had less than half of them.
my heels hurt after i was walking on the road with my new sneakers.
it was so painful that i put papers in my shoes, but it didn't work out very well.
then i found a handkerchief on the sidewalk and used that instead.
i commute by train, however, there are not a lot of trains running during the day because it is a local train.
if i will my train it is the worst thing, because there is only one train runs in an every hour.
therefore, it is important that i finish my work and get on my train.
if i will miss my train it's the worst thing,because only one train runs every hour.
therefore, i must by all means finish my work and get on the train.
the word for heart is "shinzou" in japanese.
i wonder if they make the same mistakes.
it might be interesting to be able to know the difference between japanese and english from translations.
but spending time when i sink on the ground and keep myself up is my responsibility.
when i frustrated, i have to come up with something special.
also i have to prove that i have something special in the meantime.
anyway, what i want to say is "i don't want to write cover letter." t^t
the recipe is time consuming but it is also easy,. it requiring patience as you add ingredients by turns, beginning with a classic flavor base, or 'soffritto',. with each turn you add another layer of flavor, followed by gentle simmer.
candies made their debut in 1973 and fell apart at the zenith of their popularity in 1978.
the song describes the girls' positive feelings along with the spring scenery.
suddenly, my friend fell down.
as soon as he fell down, he got back up and ran in the opposite direction of me.
when i turned the corner that he had just turned, i could see him sitting on the ground grabbing his knees.
he told me that he was more embarrassed than hurt.
it was a monthly meeting.
i don't know why the meeting was important.
i don't like afternoon meetings, because i all ways almost fall asleep in the meeting.
i don't like afternoon meetings, because i always almost fall asleep during the meeting.
i cannot enhance my concentration.
i recommended this restaurant for other friends.
you just fade away, but i am still...
maybe that is the illusion.
i would rather not have any medical tests done, such as a gastroendoscopy or an electrocardiography, and i really do not want to get my blood drawn.
additionally, the blood vessels in my arm are thin, so the nurse is never able to insert the needle into the vein the first time.
although that is also painful, there is no point in doing that.
i close my eyes tight so that i don't see it, but i often open them out of curiosity and regret it.
it would be acceptable for me if the pain of injections were the same level as mosquito bites.
i'll apply for my company's overseas trainee program for the next fiscal year.
that's why i have been keeping a diary in english, studying at an english language school and reading news in english.
my uncle visited my house to see my baby
17, when my family was having lunch, my phone rang and i got a call from my uncle.
after 5 minutes from his call, he arrived at my house.
i realized that he wanted to hold my baby.
when he held my baby, my baby started to cry, so i recommend him to cradle my baby.
my baby stopped crying after a few minutes.
i realized again that he was a great father and only he could raise three children.
after 5 minutes, he arrived.
he seemed to want to hold the baby.
however, the baby started to cry, so i recommended him to cradle the baby.
the baby stopped crying after several minutes.
i thought he was grateful to his father for raising three children by himself again.
i'm going on a business trip to tokyo tomorrow.
i'm concerned about the possibility of snow because it's been snowing sometimes recently.
as far as i can remember, we had some snow a month ago.
at that time most public transportation was cancelled.
needless to say, this kind of transport is usually punctual.
the event takes up all afternoon.
subtitles for a short film
what does it mean to salt by eye.
it seems that someone is worried you might hurt yourself for want of practice.
i've made a video of a proposal to show during the new year's show tonight.
you've brought that again?oyou've bought that again?
what is with you?
there's no place to go.
convenience is a way to degradation, young people, as is alcohol.
turn on the light.
we'll be remembered as young people.
maybe, you'll stop doing stupid stuff.
gosha, let's celebrate a holiday like normal people at least once.
i've never seen her try so hard.
you aren't, but if you think she doesn't take care of you, what should i call you then?
she treats you like a child sucking on mom's teat all the time.
know it from personal experience, right?
vasya, find a screwdriver.
we've been together with it longer than with you.
careful
young lady, you know that not all electricians are alcoholics.
why haven't you done it?
what did you send for him for?
you don't give a damn about anything, that's why we broke up.
we'll be in the dark, but together.
and look at us!
why are you climbing up the balcony.
the japanese olympic team members have been performing great in the pyeongchang olympics.
figure skater yuzuru hanyuu won a gold medal.
four months ago, he suffered from a big foot injury.
after that, he had to focus on treating his injury and couldn't skate for a while.however, his performance in the olympics was amazing. the audience was impressed!
what does  the expression "poop in my pants" mean?
i heard my colleague is going to quit.
she is one of the most knowledgeable people about our consumer products.
therefore, many people are concerned about the upcoming product.
but fortunately, 6 months remain until the launch, so we havr sufficient time to prepare for it.
i started learning english at lang-8 seven year ago, but i couldn't continue a diary.
i decided to write a short diary here everyday.
i've been having a runny nose recently because of hay fever.i've been having a runny nose lately because of hay fever
you can enjoy cherry blossom viewing in spring, so i like spring.
but at the same time, i hate spring due to hay fever.
i will do my best to protect myself from flower pollen.
i went to the hospital for a physical examination.
then the doctor said, "if you came later, i would be off work." or: "if you had come later, i would have been off work."
the doctor read my test result and said, " fortunately, it's not too late to see a doctor." i was frightened after i heard that.
then the doctor said, " if you had come later, you wouldn't have been able to see me as i'd be off work."
asking questions is always a great way to start a conversation with someone when we first meet, so i'm going to write down the questions in english that i'm not good at asking.
please correct me if i made any mistakes, or if there are more natural ways to ask the questions below.
how big of an age difference are you ok with in terms of dating someone?
what do you spend usually your money on?
it must be higher than mine.
did you see that girl that just passed by?
she was really hot.
why are you going bald?
you are only 30, right?
it's too early to go bald.
why did you take a day off yesterday?
you should tell me about that when you want to have the day off.
is this your first time visiting japan?
which places have you visited so far?
do you have any recommendations for fun things to do around here?
i'm just visiting, so i don't know the area very well.
why do so many people in your country get plastic surgery?
many people with big eyes look similar to me.
last sunday, i took part in the kyoto marathon.
kyoto is famous for sightseeing and some foreign runners also joined.
the starting location was in two sports stadiums because the number of runners was so large that one stadium wasn't enough.
i loved the ambiance that every runner helps each other and runners were encouraged with the cheers and help of people.
i felt like i'd like to join again next year.
after finishing, i went to eat with my friends.
not surprisingly, my legs were so sore the next day.
i was worried when they changed all the products to mixed vegetable because she does not eat other brands of food.
anyways the new tomato mixed food was really loved by her when she ate.
i've been keep sleepy days** since last week.
i've slept a lot,  but i'm still sleepy*.
i think it's because of stress, so i want to start living stress-free.
either way, i'll try to take it easytoday.
- i'm a certified psychiatric social worker.
- at a privately run vocational rehabilitation center, i was engaged in supporting people with certain disabilities to obtain employment.
- studied mental health, specifically the way to promote vocational rehabilitation of people with severe mental illnesses in a master's program at a university in japan.
meanwhile, the main goal of the canadian federal government's policy in the nineteenth century was to suppress the aboriginal culture.
as mentioned above, their policy ultimately limited parents' contact with their children in order to eliminate the aboriginal government and impose the canadian culture of exploitation.
bev sellars refers to the indian act as racist legislation, stating in his book "the 'indians' were put into the same categories as people and the mentally disabled despite any intelligence shown by any individuals." i was very shocked how their rights were ignored and persecuted over a century.
the first nations reserves were forcibly relocated from agriculturally valuable land onto remote and economically marginal reserves.
in early 1886, the first nations were discouraged to visit their children at residential schools as the pass system, which limits the first nations from going outside of their reserve, had been established.
for the same reason, they were banned from celebrating their traditions and prevented from holding family gatherings.
how devastating is it to see their children injured, traumatized and missing from the residential schools, especially when they were not able to leave their reserve or put in jail unjustly?
these facts lead me to think that we must investigate the relationship between the heitsuk first nation and the canadian society. as a case study, we will examine the hudson's bay company, with which the heitsuk first nation dealt with since 1833, in order to understand their thoughts and characteristics further, and to what extent they are willing to do business with a public company.
the first nations fought for recognition until the canadian constitution finally acknowledged aboriginal rights in 1982. and continue to fight for their rights today.
modern canadian society feels remorse and penitence to the acts of cultural genocide committed against the first nations, and aims to revitalize good relationships.
similarly, the united nations formally recognized the first nations in the right of indigenous people, article 19 and 28.
although we cannot undo what our society has done, we now can only strive to re-establish good relationships with the first nations.
that being said, being chosen by the heitsuk first nation is a sign of the trusting relationships that we, forthright consulting, have established over the years.
i would like to propose what is best for both parties, the marine harvest and the heitsuk first nation regarding the issue of salmon farming.
at the same time, i would like to conclude with the hope to assist the marine harvest to understand our complicated canadian history and apply a culturally appropriate strategy on this matter.
yesterday, i spent too much time finishing my work, and i arrived home very late.
while processing my work, i came up with the idea that doing something over time was as bad as leaving undone tasks on the desk.
recently i stayed late at my office, to meet work deadlines
the main reason why i had to stay late was because of my slow processing speed.
other colleagues usually go home after completing their work on time, so it must be that my processing speed is very slow.
i have been feeling nervous since yesterday, because i was contacted by a friend i don't like.
my english teacher on skype told me her private story this morning.
i knew that she had a filipino boyfriend who lives in singapore.
she went to singapore 2-3 times a year
she said she felt something was wrong last year.
he went to las vegas and his souvenir for her was only a magnet and a key holder.he went to las vegas and he only bought her a magnet and key holder.
about one week ago, she happened to find some pictures that her boyfriend visited five stars hotel in singapore.
he lives in a condominium in singapore.
she thought why he needed to stay at the hotel in singapore.she thought why did he need to stay at a hotel in singapore?
she asked him about it and she knew he had an affair.when she asked
she decided to break up with him
my housemates took me to wicklow to go hiking last weekend.
i've been really into nature since i was a kid so my heart was pounding with joy!
during the half an hour drive, the scenes were gradually changing to the countryside with foliage.
winding roads in the middle of mountains are usually coated with concrete in japan in order to prevent rockfall, but that wasn't the case there.
it was interesting and i felt like i was seeing it for the first time.
after getting out of the car, we strolled towards a little hill.
i wondered why some of them were wearing robes, but not all of them.
my housemate explained that it will be freezing by midnight so they were bundled up.
but i still wasn't convinced.
how can the owner know which horse feels cold when the only word they can say is "whinny"?
the valuable horses are kept warm," he said.
i have been training for over 10 years.
at first, i wanted to build a big body.
i hated lower body training, such as squats.
once i realized the importance of lower body training, i started giving more importance to it.
so, i'll do my best to practice the saxophone.
i haven't been able to play the saxophone since i came to hiroshima.
so i must make some free time, but i'm very busy these days haha...
ah, i don't go to fishing too...
anyway, i'll go have fun this week!!
i remember that i brought some medicine from japan.
i think it is ok because the output of the next fiscal year is not software but algorithms and their evaluation plan.
it would be possible to order the development of new software with the rest of the budget in this fiscal year.
one women was walking towards me while waving her hand.
she asked me if i go to downtown.
i don't drive a taxi. my car doesn't even look like a taxi.
that was weird situation.
the train that i would ride got delayed.
so,i'm at a cafe.
i'm waiting for the train.
it was a sunny day yesterday, but it is cloudy today.
i thought spring has approached yesterday, but it might still be far away.
above all, do you live in an area where you can clearly recognize every season?
there are some areas of the world where all seasons are summer like hawaii.
i used to like summer the best and i wanted to live in a country where the weather felt like summer all year round.
i think summer in japan is tougher than in other countries since it is very humid.
coldness prevents me doing certain things.
it was sunny yesterday, but it is cloudy today.
i thought spring has come yesterday, but it might be still far now.
there are some countries in the world where summer never ends, like hawaii.
i wanted to live in a country where it's summer throughout the year.
however, now i like spring better than summer because i have felt summer is hard to feel comfortable because of my aging.
coldness prevents me from doing something.
coldness takes away a positive thought from me.
'to know the real country, go to the countryside'
a famous person said that.
hard-working employees go to work exhausted as they have to work overtime day after day.
economic productivity has decreased as white-collar workers are overworked.
people work hard and tiredly, and they have to work overtime everyday.
my room has bad reception, so if i use a camera, it slows down the connection speed.
when the lesson is over, i usually say "i wanted to tell you more but i couldn't...", or "i'd like to talk to you again", or "when will you let me know the time of the next lesson?" my favorite teacher is very popular and it is difficult to make a reservation.
it is necessary to get reservation slots early.
it might be a good idea to do what i always wanted to do
i wish to become stronger day by day.
i dont know if this is correct or not, but i read on pinterest that:
every day, the heart creates enough energy for a truck to travel 20 km.
in one's entire life, the distance that the truck can travel is twice the distance from the earth to the moon.
recently, i moved to melbourne to live with my husband.
and of course my english is still not good - at least not as good as a native speaker.
if you have the same interest as me, i would love to be friends with you.
it's been a month since i joined this company.
in weekly meetings, until now i had been just listening but from today, i have to say what i've done in the past week, and what i'm currently working on.
it's a good thing for me to get more chances to speak english at work but i'm afraid to get questions...
because i'm worried about is listening not speaking.
it's a good thing for me to get more opportunities to speak english at work but i'm afraid of getting questions...
i am worried about listening not speaking.
i have been going to the driving school since the end of january.
usually the training schedule is announced on the internet and we book a free hour, but in february, the schedule is fully booked.
so in february the driving school conducts a drawing to choose who can study there..
trainees who want to practice driving go to the school and take part in a lottery.
if we get a winning number, we can practice driving.
when i graduated junior high school i got a signature stamp, and i registered it as a "zitsuin".
however, the case became worn out so i had wanted a new case.
a case for a signature stamp
when i graduated junior high school, i got a signature stamp, and i registered it as a "zitsuin".
however, the case became worn out so i wanted a new case for the signature stamp.
my signature stamp case
however, the case became worn out so i had wanted a new one for my signature stamp.
i'm glad because i've finally found one.
there are many different opinions as to whether some young children spend a great amount of their time participating in sports.
to begin with, these days, electric devices such as video games, tablets, and smartphones have become more convenient and more efficient.
these children can't do some activities or even study because they don't have the fundamental strength.
for example, when i was a kid, i was belonged to the football club.
i had better strength than my other friends.
i was able to play sports and study because moderate exercise stimulates our brains.
as a result, i could not only play sports but also study.
spending time on sports improves our brains.
secondly, spending time on sports keeps us healthy.
for instance, when i was a junior high student, almost all my classmates got the flu.
however, i didn't get the flu because i belonged to the football club.
since i was a kid, i have had a habit of playing sports.
that's why i didn't get the flu.
thus, playing sports has a lot of merit in our lives.
in conclusion, i strongly assert that it is advantageous for young people to spend a great time participating in sports because sports affect not only our brains but also our bodies.
it was used to banish tyrants, but it was also used to hold brilliant politicians in check.
i've returned to this site.
i had visited london for business for 2 weeks and came back home 5 days ago.
i felt that my english level is very low and i must study hard.
i had been in london for business for 2 weeks, and came back home 5 days ago.
i felt my english level is very low and i must study hard.
it has been a long time since i used lang-8 for improving my english.
today, i start again because i want to improve my written english.
i would also like to record the kind of progress i am making with regard to english.
many people can know the real chiang and the real history of the republic of china through it.
i can't wait to meet her.
probably because i had studied german for a long period of time before i learned spanish.
this morning i studied a verb "to have" and i saw my reality.
but i am healthy.
i have a lovely family.
i electrically stimulated something six hours a day and it lasted four days.
there are two "for" in this sentence.
i just don't feel right.
many people are worried about my safety.
many people are worried for my safety.
because of my doctor's advice, i didn't squat when strength training and it led to my gluteal muscles being very weak.
but my training coach considers my legs' muscles to be no problem, and that i just too easily believed my doctor's advice.
so i began to train my gluteal muscles recently.
i hope my gluteal muscles can be wiry.
but i do not understand many sentences because i do not have enough vocabularies.
js for continually increasing my vocabularies.
my learning english motivation was growing because i couldn't talk with community members well enough.
beside this, i need more listening skills.
i seek the way to improve it.
i participated in a toeic lesson at a school today what i waited.
one of my classmates said "yay i got a 760 on toeic"
i felt so disappointed because i am bitter towards her right now.
to be honest, i hate losing to everybody.
i am impressed by her and i decided to study harder.
she had no choice but to walk.
she complained about it.
when i pulled her hand, her glove came off.
it made her have fun.
we repeated it over and over until we got to the kindergarten.
she laughed a lot.
we participated in japan day was held by japanese learners at khartoum university.
through japan day, we told the sudanese about the culture of furoshiki, mottainai, and separate waste collection.
we all explained these concepts in arabic, and it was very difficult.
however, there were some visitors who could speak japanese, and we were helped by them.
next year, i want to be able to explain it all!
when i think about future, i tend to expect the worst.
i like to surprise people.
i even enjoy surprising my family.
for example, when someone in my family has a celebration for something, i will prepare an unexpected gift.
at such a time, i can hardly wait to see their surprise.
my habit
i have a habit of surprising people.
i am even delighted to surprise my family.
for example, when someone in my family holds a celebration for something, i will prepare an unexpected gift.
vasa museum
the vasa museum is the most visited museum in stockholm.
indeed the museum is i a unique and interesting one.
in the year 1628 ship sunk. it was taken out of the sea 333 years later.
visitors can visit the original ship.
the story of the vessel is memorable because it d sunk r 2 kilometres after it was first launched.
the vasa had just sailed out port when it fell to the right near djurgarden island. it soon sank.
probably the reason for the tragedy was its disproportionately narrow hull.
the crew could not keep the ship in balance t.
there were attempts to take the ship out of the sea several times in the 17th century but they were unsuccessful.
the other day, i read an article about ingrid betancort who was abducted for 8 years in colombia.
then i asked to my paraguayan friend what paraguayans thought about her abduction.
she said "we don't care because we have abductions in our own country."
i had been thinking paraguay is pretty safe country until then.
i didn't know that people were abducted there, too.
i always watch cnn in spanish to learn another accent, but i rarely watch paraguayan news.
i like it because for me it means purity, peace and the beginning of something new.
i was 19 and it was the first time i went to another city alone just to see the beauty of the world.
nothing special, just seeing the sights.
since then i have liked traveling most of all in my life and have tried to show my kids how much fun and how interesting this way of knowing the world is.
how to better manage your android libraries with docker
let us assume we have two distincts android projects: the first one is a library providing useful methods, and the second one is an android application using this library.
my goal is that my android application uses an up to date library with one command only on the library project.
here are the solutions i have been through and why i dislike them:
but some servers may not allow override existing versions of the library, which will force you to not forget to bump the version number each time.
furthermore, you will have to carefully manage versions with the rest of your team in order for your update to not be overridden by someone else.
but this will force you to revert many changes before committing your work.
this was my favorite solution for long time, mainly because it perfectly solves this problem.
but installing and configuring a local server for each member of your team may be difficult.
furthermore, it will need resources for your computer permanently, as an apache server is generally always running on a computer.
because it solves the problem perfectly, creating a local server will be the solution we will use.
the github project consists of two android projects:
as you hold your wagon's ropes tight in between your hands, you notice how the amount of trees surrounding start to lessen.
you start hearing a monotone flow of water, and see how a huge metal-made red-colored structure is emerging from your side of the valley and connects with the opposite side.
as you keep driving your wagon and approaching the bridge, you also notice how the sounds your horse's hooves produce is slowly turning more metallic, and how your wagon rocks less and less.
you feel a small bump as your wagon goes on the bridge quickly followed by the crackles of the wheat you are transporting.
as you are about to get off it, right after feeling another bump, you turn your head towards it's bottom, curious about it's structure.
you notice four metal pillars erected from it's base and growing toward the violent water's surface, colored with a dull brown color in corners that make contact with the water.
she's very good at photography, so all of her photos fascinate the viewer.
her teacher suggested to barbara that she participate in this contest, and she agreed, because she dreamed of visiting venice.
she called her best friend ann right away and told her the wonderful news.
the magnificent facades of venice's architecture amazed them.
colorful houses and bright sunlight gave the charm of venice.
the photos that barbara took turned out to be colorful, saturated and spiritualized.
this journey gave her inspiration for future photos.
it was the best holiday!
barbara wanted to study a photography course.
she's very good at photography, all her photos fascinate the viewer.
her teacher suggested barbara participate in this contest, and she agreed, because she had always dreamed of visiting venice.
now, she had finally received this incredibly exciting email.
she called her best friend ann straight away and told her the wonderful news.
the architecture of venice amazed them with its magnificent buildings and their facades.
the photos that barbara took turned out to be colorful, saturated and spiritual.
it was the best holidays.
i had the quasi-nationalist pride that marked hip-hop in the '80s.
it is observable, as jay would say, on any martin luther.
we will decide on our new team in a meeting.
i bought a bundle deal which included a flight, and a hotel stay on expedia.
it only costs 1,200 dollars for four people, including round trip flights and a three night's stay at a hotel.
it was our first time trying the airline.
i found that spirit makes a lot of efforts to reduce the costs.
they don't have a cushion on them.
they only have a very small table on them.
today i continued to take actions to change my life and i'm enjoying it.
i watched black mirror s4e5 with my friend.
i am going to talk about a book i read recently.
the title is ' hunt for the wilder people'.
this was the most popular movie in new zealand in 2016, i had watched the movie first, and it was great! that's why i decided to read the book as well.
i am living new zealand, so i could follow some kiwi jokes. the accent and location were familiar to me.
these reasons made me eager to read it even though i already knew the story.
in summary, the book is about an orphan boy who was adopted by an old couple, then the young boy and the old guy went on an adventure.
it is like a human drama. however, what i actually liked about it was their sense of humor.
to be honest, i couldn't understand some jokes but could comprehend them when i read the book.
i was so happy to finish the book because i don't read english books often due to the fact that english is my second language.
it is quite tough to concentrate while reading books in english.
sometimes i totally lost track of who was who. however, i really enjoyed it because i love the story.
i feel a small fulfillment when i enjoy a cup of tea after i've done the dishes, finished the laundry, and cleaned a room.
the first spaniard who won at the olympic games
this important event for the greeks was celebrated every four years in olympia.
at the beginning, only greeks competed in the olympic games, but in 146 bc rome established greece as part of its imperium.
the culture of ancient rome was very influenced by greek culture, and the olympic games became an important event in rome.
athletes of the roman provinces went to olympia every four years to participate.
he was a patrician who wanted to begin a political career.
he competed and won the chariot race.
his victory made him known in all parts of the roman imperium and helped himbegin his political career as a senator during the reign of trajan.
nowadays he is known as the first spaniard who won an event in the olympic games.
the first spaniard who won at the olympic games
this important event for the greeks was held every four years in olympia.
young man, please take that semi-automatic rifle and point it at a "terrorist"!
the united states isn't the only country with liberal gun ownership laws - switzerland, that bastion of peacefulness, has lax gun laws too.
this is roughly a quarter of the rate in the united states."
"the weapons law recognises a qualified "right to acquire, possess and carry arms."
members believe that gun ownership is essential to their self defense, whether against criminal attack or government tyranny.
the us, the country which out spends the rest of the world's countries combined on "defense", on the other hand, is bounded by canada, mexico and two vast oceans.
sad to say, it's hard to avoid the conclusion that us culture is inherently violent.
although thick, heavy, monstrous tears fell from my quivering eyes, not even their combined weight would be enough to smother the flames.
i thought that whatever i was going through god knew about it; and maybe he had written my fate to be no different than the millions of other girls in pakistan, who were deprived of their rights.
life forms in space
this year, nasa launched a new telescope into space called tess. in march it will have inspected more then 200,000 stars in the galaxy.
the exploration will last two months. the objective of this test will be to find other life forms. to do this it will look for the presence of oxygen in the atmosphere.
another objective is to study the alteration of a star's light when a planet comes in front of.
it contained an application form too.
perhaps, the tournament in tokyo might be the last tournament that we are able to enter.
it said that they will hold a practice session for the three teams and take an interview.
i hope we can win first place again!
as i wrote before, we won first place in the robot scavenger tournament in ueda last year, and ucv is the one who holds the tournament.
it contained an application sheet, too.
going to work abroad: an exciting opportunity or a scary one?
everyone must have thought about going to work or study abroad at least once in their life.
nowadays, there are many people who leave their countries to look for a job in another country..
even another continent.
it always causes controversy because of some factors to consider.
furthermore, it can also be a good oportunity to be able to discover a different culture, for instance, new food, new lifestyle, and new hobbies.
in adition, taking that kind of risk you can try to start a new life by yourself and prove to yourself how much you can learn and develop..
which can be really uncomfortable.
you have to take into account that if you feel ill, there will be no one to look after you.
in conclusion, there are many benefits if you are a risk taker.
everyone must have thought about going to work or studying abroad at least once in their life.
nowaday, there are many people who abandon their countries to look for a job in another country.
even another continent.
it always causes controversy because of the factors to consider.
on the one hand, working abroad is certainly a really interesting option to learn a new language or to improve your level and to have more opportunities to find a better job when you come back.
furthermore, it can also be a good opportunity to be able to discover a different culture, for instance, new food, a new lifestyle, and new hobbies.
in addition, in taking that kind of risk, you can try to start a new life by yourself and prove how much you can gain.
on the other hand, if you consider that you may become homesick or feel lonely while you are away, you should look for other options.
so, you might need to buy new clothes.
in conclusion, there are many benefits if you are a risk-taker.
on saturdays i relax, but i get up early.
i read newspapers and watch news on tv.
i never cook in the evenings.
i go out to eat dinner in a restaurant.
she told me that for the next lesson we are doing grammar exercises, speaking and listening.
i am a bit worried about it, but i'm also excited because i could improve my level considerably.
he was trying do avoid it and to turn instead to other duties.
he also wanted to give his little step-sister a book as a birthday present.
everyone promises things that are impossible to achieve, nobody thinks for the people but only for themselves and for the success of their party.
next month italy will have elections.
i'm worried about it because none of the canidates are good.
everyone promises things which are impossible to achieve, and everyone thinks only about themselves and the success of their parties but not about the people.
i'll finish my internship in six months time.
i still need to successfully pass all the exams.
i try to learn english by myself.
i have been registered on this site for a long time, but did not really use it, i do not know how it works and how useful and convenient it will be.
i decided to set up camp on the gentle rocky slope of a low cliff, covered sparsely with tall slim pine trees.
somehow i decided that bears and late-twentieth-century scalp hunters would avoid that cozy place, probably because the stunning view might have been a bit disturbing for their simple minds.
i climbed onto the slope, dropped my backpack on a flat dry rock coated with a loose layer of twigs and dry pine needles, took a deep breath and looked around.
the sun was going down to have some rest and, probably, to catch up with some friends.
but the sun was still shining over the top of the cliff, painting the endless forest hills and distant rocky ridges in warm tones of pink, red and yellow.
i could even make out a few patches of snow still hiding among the rocks and lowland valleys between the hills.
spring always goes green and naked.
i felt like an old storm-beaten salt, stranded on an island full of bloodthirsty savages and ferocious beasts, doing his job with a knowing grin.
after a few attempts, in which, admittedly, i hit some sensitive parts against the tree trunk, i managed to climb up into the tree and, at the height of about six meters, set up my new aerial camp.
i was falling into sleep like an elevator on the loose, having been cut off from its cables and falling into a bottomless shaft.
i popped out of my dreams like a cork from a bottle of sparkling wine.
for a moment, i had no idea of who and where i was.
it took me some time to process why i was hanging in a sleeping bag tied to a tree.
little by little, i regained control over my hands and, after a while, the rest of my body.
i pulled myself together, bent my knees slightly as i had been taught in parachuting courses, and released my grip.
i cursed myself over and over again.
then i clenched my fists and burst into even more spiteful curses, which exist only in the russian language.
sleeping in a tree!
who, the fuck sleeps in a tree?
are you a fucking brainless weirdo woodpecker?
i was shedding curses like a dying millionaire might throw his money to cancer funds.
curses, however, were of very little use in my situation.
insults cannot warm people or feed them.
where is some damn firewood?
there were no gangs of bears or felons in sight, rushing to take my life.
if i was gonna die that night, then it would have happened not because of bears, but because of pneumonia.
i found myself standing on the same rock where i had stood during sunset.
i saw the same landscape, but now it was dull, as if painted in pale blue ink.
the silence reigned both inside and outside of me.
my eyes were wandering pointlessly through the night; then, i looked up.
i had never seen the milky way in such magnificent glory.
soon, i was sitting near it, rubbing my hands and warming up my numb body.
i became a normal, ordinary man who was just trying to survive, sailing through the endless gale of his consciousness.
my mind was restless that night, like a hungry dog who had noticed its owner approaching with its food bowl...
i was immensely inspired by what i had just seen and felt.
i mused on about how in the past there were fewer people and they died so easily and frequently.
now there are far more people around the globe, they live longer, but still, eventually, die.
the number of deaths, though, has never changed.
we've just made it turn slower.
i watched a few films last weekend.
i want to write here about the two films which i think were the most interesting.
this film about the relationship between a famous couturier and his muse.
the camerawork was perfect.
the film is full of beautiful close-ups and the lighting seems natural and it is also perfect.
i enjoyed watching daniel day-lewis and vicky krieps act.
i'm sure that "phantom thread" will win oscars and a few nominations.
this film about one woman whose daughter was killed, but the police couldn't find a murderer until 7 months later.
so, after all the woman was in rage because of the police who didn't do anything for investigation.
the woman bought three billboard spots and placed these texts on them: "raped while dying", "still no arrests?", "how come, chief willoughby?".
i like idea how the loner hero who seeks justice becomes an antihero.
hatred breeds hatred.
i also liked the acting, script and characters.
i want to write here about the two films which i think the most interesting.
this film is about the relationship between a famous couturier and his muse.
i enjoyed the acting of daniel day-lewis and vicky krieps.
it's a pity that vicky krieps hasn't been nominated for an oscar, because i think her acting in this film should be appreciated.
i'm sure that "phantom thread" will win oscars in a few
this film is about one woman whose daughter was killed, but the police couldn't find the murderer for seven months.
the woman bought places on the three billboards and placed these texts: "raped while dying", "still no arrests?", "how come, chief willoughby?".
it provoked a huge social resonance, but that didn't stop the main hero.
i like the idea of the loner hero who is finding justice and becomes an anti hero.
also i like the acting, script and characters.
for watching the starry sky, going to the desert is a good idea,
because the desert sky is empty of any buildings, skyscrapers, etc.
you can concentrate on staring at the stars without any city noise.
i bet you will be in awe watching unbeatable stars and huge endless sky.
you will see how trivial humans are against the beauty of this greatness!
the mol triumph sailed into the hamburg port at 10 pm on monday.
the ship sailed first to hamburg.
new song released for doraemon's new movie
gen hoshino, a famous japanese musician, released his new song, "doraemon" two days ago.
this song was made for doraemon's latest movie.
one day was enough for the music clip uploaded to youtube to get more than a million views and more than 3000 comments.
there is no doubt this tie-up has boosted his fame further and now various people ranging from kids to the elderly love him.
it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that he is one of the top emerging artists.
in that moment, while being held by rainwater, i was enshrined in a sanctuary that hid me from my burdens.
my mind and my senses, having been entranced by the deluge of heavenly water falling down on me, was utterly unaware that my cousins had become fixated on staring at my body through my white,cotton kamiz, which was becoming ever more transparent.
i couldn't ignore aman wadi's voice.
as my senses returned to the world outside my brief respite, i noticed that my teenage cousins were staring at my body curiously.
my favorite dress burnt right before my eyes.
although thick, heavy, monstrous tears fell from my quivering eyes, not even they would be enough to smother the flames.
she looked at me for a moment.
i felt i was too angry and unconcerned about being rude, and disrespectful to my mother.
he looked around the mess of dishes and the the burnt clothes.
as soon as i reached the door, i eavesdropped.
to me it seemed as if father followed the religious beliefs that the imam of the mosque taught him with a blind faith, never questioning or thinking for himself or in front of others.
i thought that god was kind and he loved all human beings, including girls.
i thought that whatever i was going through, god knew about it; and maybe he had written my fate to be no different than the millions of other girls in pakistan, who were deprived of their rights.
engulfed by a cloak of torrential rain, the grime, heat, anxieties, and tension that had encrusted themselves on my body like a layer of pollution were finally washed away.
my mind and my senses, having been entranced by the deluge of heavenly water falling down on me, were utterly unaware that my cousins had become fixated on staring at my body through my white, cotton kamiz, which was becoming ever more diaphanous.
after changing my clothes, i took the broom and went to the kitchen to sweep the floor and wash the dishes.
although thick, heavy, monstrous tears fell from my quivering eyes, not even they mbined would be enough to smother the flames.
i shouted at mother.
i felt i was too angry and was concerned about being rude and disrespectful to my mother.
he looked around at the mess of dishes and the flames of the burnt clothes.
as soon as i reached the door, i eavesdropped on what they were discussing.
to me it seemed as if father followed the religious beliefs that the imam of the mosque taught him with a blind faith, never thinking for himself or in front of others.
i thought that allah was kind and he loved all human beings, including girls.
i thought that whatever i was going through, god knew about it; maybe he had written my fate to be no different than the millions of other girls in pakistan, who were deprived of their rights.
at rovaniemi, which is located in an arctic region, i wished to see auroras.
therefore i dream of seeing auroras in canada.
in canada, i also want to watch an live ice hockey game.
i will be overwhelmed by the powerful games!
i hope i can finish his sweater before spring.
the day after tomorrow my girlfriend will come visit me.
she lives in nizhny novgorod; it's 400 km from moscow, and we don't see each other often.
she will live with me soon.
i anxiously anticipate that moment.
she lives in nizhny novgorod, which is 400 km from moscow, and we don't see each other often.
but until then we live far away from each other.
the day after tomorrow my girlfriend will come to see me.
she lives in nizhny novgorod, 400 km from moscow, and we don't see each other often.
but meanwhile we live far away from each other.
at the end of the spring her education.will be finished.
i look forward to that moment a lot.
luckily, there is a big bookstore close to the office, so after work i went there to buy it.
i felt nervous, but i pretended that i was enjoying chatting with her for a while, and then we arrived at the building.
i almost forgot to buy an english textbook which i use when i study english from the radio.
i asked her frankly whether she was going straight to a station, but she told me that she wanted to go to the building which the bookstore is in.
i felt nervous, but i pretended that i enjoyed talking for a while, then we arrived at the building.
if i had had self confidence in myself, i could have told her that i have good english ability.
i'd rather say nothing than say something stupid.
you need to make sure you don't have any of those problems before even thinking about doing that.
i never thought i would be able to write english this well.
i know my english still sounds weird, but i'm wondering if i became a youtuber, if would there be any viewers for my videos.
weirdness could be an accent of my character, right?
but what kind of topic should i talk about?
just thinking and imagining don't earn you any money.
my daughter and i cooked curry two days ago, but we didn't intend to eat the curry on the day we cooked it.
we knew that curry gets tastier the next day, than on the day it was made, even though we are not sure of the scientific reason.
in addition, the panda has this irresistible charm built in every part of it.
so, the panda is totally winning the cutie contest.
do you know that "panda" in chinese means "big bear cat"?
so, they are officially bear cats.
some parts of this post may be considered adult content.
in certain races, since ancient times, a male's worth has been decided by his pe**s size.
regardless of everything else, the one with the biggest pe**s is better.
the one with a bigger pe**s is more popular.
the one with a bigger pe**s has an easier time hailing taxis.
above all else, the one with a bigger pe**s is a superior creature.
because while hard work can make up for a lack of talent, nothing can be done about pe**s size.
a: h, he's not tiny.
because, while hard work can make up for talent, nothing can be done about pe**s size.
in certain races, since ancient times, a male's worth has been determined by his pe**s size.
all else aside, the one with the bigger pe**s is better.
the one with the bigger pe**s is more popular.
above all else, the one with the bigger pe**s is the superior creature.
someone with a tiny pe**s has no right to be king.
here is a conversation between some gintama characters.
they are arguing about which prince will become the next king.
one has a bigger pe**s but is worthless, while the other one has a smaller pe**s but is competent.
a: h-- he's not tiny.
c: don't even go there.
a: can one really rule the country just with one's pe**s, though?
what is a pe**s, anyway!?
he became king solely because of the size of his pe**s!
if you took his pe**s away, what would he have left?
b: okay, what are they?
when i come home late, i find it troublesome to iron my business shirt.
i want a robot which does it instead of me.
i watched the movie called "kick ass" today.
i heard that it is a really cool movie, but i hadn't seen it yet.
however, i think characters are lively and i was excited to see the movie from beginning to end credit.
she is young and very short, but she is incredible strong, so she "hit" many villains while you're blinking.
i'm waiting to go to school because it's a holiday today.
i try to get a high score on toeic this friday.
i don't know what my job is called in english but i carried lots of cardboard boxes flowing on conveyor belt today.
i worked four hours, from 6 pm to 10 pm, and just got home and took a bath a little while ago.
when my daughter was eating a rice ball, she divided it in half and said "sharing" in english.
she gave me half of it.
she's so clever, kind, and pretty!
unless b broke the law, "stolen" is not the correct word here. i do not know the back story of how getting the last violin in the store equates to a "newer' violin.
a:i heard you play the piano too.
b:yes, someone stole my old one.
is the piano more difficult than the violin?
my family consists of five members: my father, mother, two elder brothers and myself.
my eldest brother is 6 years older than me and the other is 3 years older than me.
she is taller than her other colleagues.
she is taller than her colleagues.a suggestion
new year's holiday is over.
everyone needs to go back to work tomorrow.
and i'll fly to kyoto this friday, i have to prepare my luggage on the next days.
why i can't understand english speakers.
i think that the reason is one of following.
i don't know the meaning of the word or idiom.
check the following.
then i check whether i can understand the statement without a dictionary.
therefore i know the meaning of the words or idioms.
i'll try to practice english composition today too!i will also try to practice english composition today!
mom, will you change my bath time?
i was going to finish my english composition practice today.
mom,will you change the time to take a bath.
i was going to finish practising english composition before nightfall
mom, will you change the bath time.
i was going to finish practicing english composition today.
i was looking miserable because something happened 3 times at the welfare facility.
japanese teams are doing pretty good so far in the olympic games!
curling is not a popular sport but i presume it will get popular after the olympics.
the team  consists of 4 players: lead, second, third and skip.
one of them pushes a stone on the ice and two of them sweep the ice with brushes.
there is a target circle which has a radius of less than 4 meters.
it seems very difficult to make the stone stop in this circle.
i have not written any english posts on lang-8 in a few days.
it was hard to learn a foreign language in the old days.
but now the internet is a powerful tool.
we have lots of new ways to learn english.
- i didn't think, i would have fainted.
"- tottenham is a great team with strong players that are also technical we closed ourselves also thanks to their qualities and then football is incredible buffon saved a great occasion for their 2-1 and then we almost scored the 3-0."
he will be behind with the preparation, we have three or four days to recover the others and we will but we have sturaro, marchisio, bentancur: we have the players to face the derby."
they are more heavy, we have to stay positive: we can still make it to the next stage."
i also love anime, and have some related goods, such as stationery on which my favorite characters are printed.
some people have smartphone cases or a wallets, or wear t-shirts on which their favorite characters are painted.
these days, not only purchasing goods, but also visiting the setting attracts a lot of attention.
various beneficial effects are often seen there.
persistence is second to none when it comes to speaking a foreign language like a native speaker.
alright, let's write some.
recently, i started to study again, i'm trying to get into university, medicine.
it doesn't help that i easily get distracted and i'm kinda lazy.
and i'll fly to kyoto this friday, i have to pack now.
i saw her when i went to study abroad in america for 4 months.
she was really friendly and we became good friends quickly.
what i really respect about her is that she stays in oregon alone to go to university and she always works out so hard.
i also live in tokyo apart from my family but, in her case, she's overseas.
she likes to go to the gym and eat food to satisfy her appetite and get enough nutrition.
we're not as pure as we were 3 years ago and our situation completely changed, but our good friendship hasn't changed.
we're not sure where we will work in the future but we hope to meet once a year even after we're hired by japanese companies that will force us to work overtime.
i had an unusual work shift today and i went to the office later than usual.
at work i was asked to do research on some cyber security information.
after that my coworker and i moved to another building to attend a meeting.
i never speak there, just listen to them and write down topics, i don't even understand what they're discussing!
the shift was changed because i had a meeting outside the company in the evening and it wouldn't finish in our standard working hours.
at work i was asked to research some information about cybersecurity.
as most sources are in english, it took me more than a few hours to get it done.
after that my coworker and i moved to another building to attend a meeting.
its members are from different companies and we talk about the international trends of cybersecurity.
i never speak there, just listen to them and write down topics, i even don't understand what they're discussing!
i always get uncomfortable and nervous being there and i just don't know what to do there.
i posted about hay fever on lang-8 last week.
after that, the question "why do many japanese people have hay fever?" arose.
according to some article, one in four japanese suffer from hay fever.
in addition, it is said that national land development is also related to hay fever.
pollen which falls to the ground flies into the air by automobiles and they gain entry into our body.
background of hay fever
after that, the following question arose: why do many japanese people have hay fever?
according to some article, one in four japanese individuals suffer from hay fever.
i was curious about that and searched on the internet, so i would like to write the historical background of why so many japanese people have hay fever.
the trees reached their peak growth, and finally, they have started to spread a lot of pollen.
in short, that is mainly because the government planted too many trees which is causing hay fever.
pollen, which falls to the ground, flies into the air by automobiles, and it then gains entry into our bodies.
a few decades ago, non-arranged marriage was said to be immoral.
it has become more usual to find partners in the workplace.
but these days it is not usual to work for one place for life.
changing occupation became increasingly popular in japan.
there are some surveys that show that couples who like each others' looks keep relationships longer than others.
judging by pics is not a bad way to find the bae, i guess.
selfies show personality.
what do you see through a selfie on tinder?
it was difficult to go through the stories quickly.
if there was fire raining down from sky, would i be ready to crawl on the ground to help the injured?
the author 's frail in describing the scenes was so great that after imagining every scene, i closed the book and cried; really terrific!!
sometimes you can't express your feelings in any way; you can't convey the pain and suffering you have experienced or witnessed in any way and this means that the real scenes were more gruesome than what have been described.
noone has ever escaped a war without being hurt in some way.
at the least, his or her spirit has been crushed.
why so much violence?
how can human spirit have the capacity for accepting so many crimes?
this could be understood from word to word of their speech.
when there was fire raining down from the sky, would i be ready to crawl on the ground to help the injured?
the author 's masterful ability in describing the scenes was so great that after imagining every scene, i closed the book and cried. it was really terrific!
the spirits of all those who were in the war were full of wounds.
this could be understood from every word of their speech.
i planned to do some work on a report for the interview that will occur after chinese new year but it is only 50% done.
i am worried about what will happen if the company makes an appointment with me.
this holiday i watched a lot movies to try to relax and forgot the unhappy things as much as possible.
however i dreamed and awoke  in the middle of the night sometimes during the holiday.
finally, a new year is starting, so i hope i can change to a new job easily.
it's one of the largest fresh water lakes in europe and it includes about 660 islands.
originally, the lake was a part of gigantic baltic ice lake, which was formed by glaciers.
afterwards, lake ladoga became an important trade way.
so the fortresses korela and oreshek were built, which are possible to visit nowadays.
the peaceful landscapes of lake ladoga also always attracted spiritual societies.
the first monastery was built here on valaam island.
during the great patriotic war, from 1941-42, the way to connect leningrad with the rest of the country went across lake ladoga.
the road was called "the road of life" and it still exists today bearing the same name.
at the end of the road, there is a monument "the broken ring" which symbolizes the breaking of the nazi siege of leningrad in 1943.
there are so many amazing places around saint-petersburg.
it's one of the largest fresh water lakes in europe and includes about 660 islands.
originally, the lake was a part of a gigantic baltic ice lake, which was formed by glaciers.
as the ice lake gradually dried it divided into the baltic sea and lake ladoga.
afterwards, lake ladoga became an important trade route.
sweden and russia fought over it for a long time.
so the fortresses of korela and oreshek were built, of which it's still possible to visit nowadays.
during the great patriotic war in 1941-42 the only route which connected leningrad to the of the rest country went across lake ladoga and was operational both in summer and winter.
the road was called "the road of life" and it still exists to this day with the same name.
at the end of the road there is a monument called "the broken ring" which symbolizes the breaking of the nazi siege of leningrad in 1943.
his mother is very anxious about his first day with other kids and she fears that her son could feel ostracized.
in order to make the things easier, she has previously met the headmaster, and both have planned a visit to the school before the school year begins.
auggie does not want to show his deformed face.
k
this is the equivalent to flipping your middle finger.
understanding different cultures is important in modern society because most of us will work in other countries, with people of different cultures at foreign capital companies.
if you can build a good relationship with them, it increases the productivity.
adding diversity to your team will allow you think about the strategy from different angles, thus having a good impact on the company.
the other day, i worked at a hotel in tokyo disney resort for only a few days.
i had been so crazy for disney until i was a junior high student, so i knew all about tokyo disney resort.
a while back, i dreamed to have a wedding ceremony in tokyo disney resort, and i applied for its brochure even though i was only 12 years old.
at that time, i convinced myself that i would never get tired of disney.
so i try not to sleep by it, and sometimes watch the screen in the dark.
people suggested me buy an alarm clock, but it didn't work.
where do you put your smartphone when you sleep?
i realized it is not good to put my smartphone on my bed when i sleep.
because when it's there i can't sleep and i sometimes watch its screen in the dark.
people say you should buy an alarm clock but it is a bit difficult to wake up from an alarm clock.
it's hard for me to learn especially english.
i don't have any obligation or too high expectations.
i learnt only a week!'.
maybe it's a joke, not real in life.
it takes time to learn each language.
our school has students aged 3 to 80 years old.
these were my motivations before starting to study english.
so first, i want to make clear why my students want to learn english.
therefore, i always focus on helping my students gain self-confidence.
it was a warm day.
on the way to the subway station, i found japanese apricot trees were in bloom and at the same time, i caught sight of something under a tree alone.
i picked the glove up and hung it on a branch so that the owner could see it.
after getting off the subway, i bought a sakura strawberry pink milk latte at starbucks before going out the ticket gate, and then the same thing happened.
this time, there was a man's glove on the floor.
since it was warmer than usual, i suppose the owners took their gloves off and put them into their pockets or something but they didn't realize one of them slipped off.
it was like a missing sock syndrome, so i decided to call it "a spring missing glove syndrome".
i have a reason to support my opinion.
first, students have much more time than businessmen.
but most students don't know how to use their time very well.
so if i could teach students how to handle time, they would be more time efficient.
when they do volunteer work, they do something kind for others, even strangers.
that kind of experience makes them a kinder person.
it means that volunteer work creates self-improvement.
i think it's better to put volunteer work on the education field.
that is the reason to agree with the idea.
i hope everyone is willing to give a hand to people who need help in the future.
can i get a latte, please?
small,medium or large?
one and a half sugar, and with soy milk, please.
would you like to pay cash or card?
that's $4.20, please.
what are you planning on doing today?
i'll go to the park and have a bbq.
melbourne national park.
not so far.
maybe it takes 10 mins on foot.
here is your small latte.
a few weeks ago, i had an interview, i was so excited to get a job - i am still excited even now.
i made a plan in my mind for after i get this job, what i would do, i wanted to buy a new car and learn to drive.
in the end of this week i will know if i am accepted for this job or not.
i really hope i am accepted for the job.
when i saw the narita airport for the first time, i was surprised that it was very big and clean.
i wanted to look around all day long if i had time, but i thought one day wouldn't be enough to look around.
i looked at the airplane from the airport lobby.
the airplane of turkish airlines was an airbus, and all the other air planes were jumbo jets.
it looked like an adult and a child, so i felt uneasy.
"is that okay?
does it really fly?"
when i got on the airplane, i felt a strange smell. i had never smelled such a smell until then.
"it is probably the atmosphere of the near and middle east."
when i arrived at istanbul international airport, it had the same smell as the airplane.
those days, istanbul international airport was small and dark.
i felt it, especially because i saw narita airport 12 hours ago.
after entering the country, i walked toward the gate and i found my friend at the airport entrance.
however, she told me.
you were alone only on the airplane.
your mother brought you to narita airport, right?"
"how unkind you are!
i came all the way to see you."
it was frustrating, but it was true.
finally, i have arrived. i came alone."
in japanese, we often write the month and day like this:
last december, i bought a book called "wonder."
an english teacher recommended this book for english-learners on twitter.
i read a few pages last year and then i forgot about it
i thought "this book is too difficult for me."
so, i put the book by my pillow.
i see this blue covered book every day but i haven't read it yet.
i want to read the entire book.
no matter what, i'll read it, read it and read it.
many people say this book is an emotional book.
it has been hard to read it so far.
one of my dreams is traveling to ny and taking a walk at the central park.
my karate master is trying to organise a karate brunch in ny.
whenever he mentions the brunch, i say, "master!
he said he would be holding a karate event there this spring and asked if i want to join it.
i get so excited when i imagine being there.
i booked the flight ticket and now am looking for the place i will stay.
yuzuru hanyu won the figure skating event.
the olympics is the place that athletes around the world dream of.
there is plenty of drama.
is it strange? even though i'm already 50 years old...
is it strange even i'm already 50 years old?
i went to english school today in the afternoon for the first time in a month.
i feel that my speaking skill has become a little better than before.
on the other hand, my listening is not so good yet.
last week, i went to the nursing home to see my grandmother-in-law.
she told me that my brother-in-law had changed his jobs.
he is 42 years old, the same as me, so i think it was a big decision for him.
i wrote about the gold medalist, nao kodaira, yesterday.
usually, a company adopts an athlete to advertise their own company.
however, if a hospital adopts an athlete, there isn't any merit for the hospital.
even if she takes a gold medal, the number of patients will not increase.
the manager of aisawa hospital is a wonderful person.
i wrote about the gold medalist nao kodaira yesterday.
she was looking for a job before graduating from university eight years ago, but she was not able to find a job.
at the time, the local hospital called aisawa hospital offered to support her.
usually a company adopts an athlete to advertise the company.
however, if a hospital adopts athletes then there isn't any merit for the hospital.
even if she wins a gold medal, the number of patients will not increase.
however, if a hospital adopts an athlete, there isn't any benefit for the hospital.
she was looking for a job before she graduated from university eight years ago, but she was not able to find a job.
usually, when a company adopts an athlete, it's to advertise itself.
she was looking for a job before graduating from university eight years ago, but she not able to.
at the time, aisawa hospital adopted her for support.
usually, a company adopts an athlete for advertisement.
however, if a hospital adopt athletes, there is no merit for the hospital.
even if she takes home a gold medal, the patient will not increase.
time's value in the market is how much money a boss would pay to hire someone.
do not kill time.
i will meet my friend who i like very much this weekend.
my friend and i like movies, so we will talk about movies a lot
and one of my friends found an israeli restaurant, so we will visit it.
i will meet my friend who i like very much at this weekend.
my friend and i like movies, so we will talk about movies very much.
and one of my friend found a israel restaurant, so we will visit it.
my friend and i like movies, so we will talk about movies mostly.
and one of my friends found an israel restaurant, so we will visit it.
i myself don't play shogi g, though i vaguely know the rules of this game.
shogi is being talked about a lot now, because recently shogi programs have been getting stronger and stronger, and began to beat the professional players.
these days no professional player can beat the best software called "ponanza".
he became a professional shogi player at the age of 14 while he was a junior high school student, he is the youngest player of all time.
below is the footage of the victory which promoted him to 6-dan.
shogi is a two-player strategy game like chess or go.shogi is a two-player strategy game like chess or go.
i myself don't play the shogi game, though i vaguely know the rules.i myself don't play the shogi game, though i vaguely know the rules.
these days no professional player cannot beat the best software called "ponanza". these days no professional player can beat the best software called "ponanza".
he became a professional shogi player at the age of 14, while he was a junior high school student, the youngest of all time.
furthermore, he won 29 consecutive games since the first game of his professional career, a new record.
below is the footage of the time of his winning to become 6-dan. below is the footage of his win, where he became 6-dan.
i think it's because we're going to hold the 2020 olympics in tokyo so many people from abroad are interested in our what our culture is like.
tourism in japan has continued to increase because of it.
it also affects our economy because they spend a lot of money on many things, so we receive tax from the spent money.
however i'm worried about our economy after the olympics, which will not be as good as the economy we currently have.
that is why i'm also concerned about the job industry that i work, which is an advertisement one, especially ooh.
that's short for "out of home media", which is my job department.
i suppose it will be obsolete or we won't make a good profit.
that could lower our salary, and i guess some of the employees might become less motivated.
even now, the ooh is not getting popular compared to other advertisements.
i want to avoid these things happening to me, so i hope to change my career using good english skills and get recruited!
it's been a while since i went on a diet.
i lost some weight, but my body shape hasn't changed as i expected it to.
i know toning up my body is a long process that needs more than a few months, but i want to see how my body will change as soon as possible.
so, i decided to try the 30 days squat challenge.
it is one of the ways that helps your body to shape up in a short period of time.
this is how it should be done: start with 50 squats a day and then add 5 squats every following day.
i even had a little pain in my thigh muscle.
but now i'm comfortable with the pain.
i know toning my body is a long process that takes more than a few months, but i want to see how my body will change as soon as possible!
so, i decided to try the "30 day squat challenge".
it is one of the ways to shape your body in a short period of time.
for me, the first day was hard.
i can't wait to see how the squats help change my body shape.
my weight has exceeded 70kg.
i am naturally fat.
in the morning, i eat yogurt and french toast.
lunch is a sandwich.
in the evening, dumplings and rice, miso soup, natto and chips.
i also eat sweet things during breaks in the morning and noon.
my father is going to have an operation next month, so i will return to my parents house before that.
it seems like he'll undergo major surgery.
it seems like he will have part of his liver and gall bladder extracted.
but what should i talk to him about?
perhaps grandchildren will not be shown either.
my father is a gentle, quiet person if i think about it now.
my older brother has a mental illness and my younger brother does only part time work as he is socially withdrawn.
he was clumsy and vulgar, but he was a serious and good person.
i have an impression that he often laughed.
he grew plants and had a kind heart.
do i need to use commas in these situations?
"that is a secret." he said, mysteriously.
"how did you get in?" inquired jane gladys with distrust.
when they are used as adjectives, they both mean something uninteresting and plain.
today my daughter's friend came to my home.
when i came back, there was a takoyaki on the table.
my daughter's friend left a long time ago.
the takoyaki got cold, so i warmed it in the microwave.
one japanese man did not win a medal.
western festivals are welcome in china.
it's not surprise to see an impressive tree decorated with lights and stars outside a hypermarket when the song "jingle bells" is being sung.
the crowd take pictures of themselves with those who are dressed like santa claus.
for openers, the mixing of different cultures is destined.
china's economy is forging ahead.
many foreign investors not only pump money into the economy, but also culture into the rising power.
the fusing of western culture into the eastern culture is unstoppable and inevitable.
second, china has a long history of more than 5000 years and has been through a myriad of wars and manifold invasions from other countries, yet none of them has changed her people and culture.
therefore, some western cultures do bring some fresh air for us, however it wouldn't uproot what our ancestors have left for us.
we respect cultures of every hue, notwithstanding that we have different behavior and religions.
viewing the coexistence of western culture and eastern culture, the idealist say, "let it go"; the realist say, "let it be"; the rationalist say, "live and let live."
i'd really appreciate if someone helped me.
"the frame of the product was warped by impacts during transit and it cannot be used as is."
i think both are similar to my ears.
i think both are similar for my ears.
they are like british english.
what's the difference between australian and nz english?
i actually don't tell most of my friends about my current job
i work handing out fliers, but most of my friends don't know about that because i'm a part-time-job worker.
basically, having a part-time-job does not leave a good impression in japan much less a man who will become 30 years old after couple of years like me.
however, i have a reason why i'm working as a part-time-job worker.
i intend to become independent by owning my own import business.
that's why i need to take some time to look up some information for my import business. i have already been starting to import some products from china.
they always say "you're suppose to be a full-time employee" but that's not my plan anymore.
since then, i haven't told my friends what i'm doing now.
today is happy in particular. i am particularly happy today.
because my best friend gave birth for the first time.
i heard his baby is a girl.
i will present it him on sunday since we have a drinking party on that day.
i heard the baby is a girl.
his wife likes disney characters, so i will give him a design towel.
i will give him the present on sunday since we have plans to drink together on that day.
people should improve their sleep
thanks to lang-8...
however, if he told me to write in english, i feel i could complete the task.
at least, i never felt i didn't have to do the task.
thanks to lang-8, i can feel so and i can have self-confidence.
one of my friends was fired just because she worked for almost five years.
in japan, there is a new law that says if someone works at the same workplace for more than five years as a non-regular employee, the people who wish to work as a regular employee can become a regular employee.
i hate such employers and such laws!
after the revision of the labor contract act in japan, if a worker whose total contract term of two or more fixed-term labor contracts concluded with the same employer exceeds five years applies for the conclusion of a labor contract without a fixed term before the date of expiration of the currently effective fixed-term labor contract, to begin on the day after the said date of expiration, it is deemed that the said employer accepts the said application.
i've had enough of such employers responding to such revision!
one of my friends was fired just because she had worked for almost five years.
in japan, there is a new law that says if someone works at the same company for more than five years as a non-regular employee, they can become a regular employee if they want to.
i hate stingy employers like that and such careless laws!
restart
there is one q&a in one day, and are totally 366 q&as about many themes.
winter olympics are being held in pyeongchang!
people of all nations are excited!
the real spirit of the olympics is as long as you have worked hard, all the players are winners, regardless of winning the medal or not.
of course, it is true that racial equality is strongly needed, but if we ignore biological differences that exist in reality, minority people would have more burdens.
generally speaking, airplanes fly in the daytime.
i also have a night shift today, so i slept in the daytime.
i hope that everyone will have a good time with their family during lunar new year.
i help my grandmother and mother cook the foods for the ancestral rite.
in addition, the number of young foreign people who visit japan to learn and work has increased year by year.
i love it! when i was young, i often listened to it.
i mean, legally, cats and dogs are assumed to be things, so you are not going to be arrested by police because you killed cats and dogs on purpose, as in the murder of a human.
i read a novel called" higurashi no ki" recently.
it is a historical fictional novel written by hamuro rin, who is from where i live in kokura in kitakyusyu city.
it was published in 2011 and was adapted to a movie afterwards.
so, i was a little ashamed not to read this book until now.
it is a story of a samurai named toda shukoku who is going to commit suicide through hara-kiri on a charge of committing adultery with one of the mistresses of the feudal lord.
the story follows another samurai named danno shozaburo who is also about to commit hara-kiri on the charge of an affair involving bloodshed in the castle.
he was exempted from that charge but he was ordered to keep an eye on shukoku in order to make sure he commits hara-kiri.
as he started living with shukoku and helped him with his works, he gradually got to know him and ended up admiring him.
shukoku
then he started wondering why did he have an affair before making much effort to reveal the truth in order to help him.
i just recommend this novel one hundred percent.
i feel like the japanese spirits deep inside me was summoned while i was reading.
i have read the novel "higurashi no ki" recently.
so, i was a little embarrassed to have not read this book until now.
when you stuck middle of it you cannot do anything except grip the steering wheel.
it wastes time and money.
completely banning cars from city centers would reduce the volume of traffic.
then you can use your time more efficiently then you improve your work efficiency.
these new tires are awesome!
naturally, he is one of the greatest boxers ever in history.
it's a bit of a shame that i've never known such a great man until i saw one of his matches against pacquiao.
when people call his name, the word of "money" is put in front of his surname.
maywhether is actually a living american legend who holds the most splendid record of all.
we know the total fight money he's earned in all his career is an incredibly big amount that also weighs the gravity of his existence.
probably there are many answers to this question.
my answer to this is that if i have many friends, i can do more things than if i do not.
in my experience, i often climb local mountains alone.
they knew what i did not know and realized many thing that i could not realize even though we used the route that i often use.
for another example, my friends may know the means of solving problems that i did not know and teach that to me.
as i have explained, i can improve my knowledge by my friends' teachings, then i can do more things.
so she and her children stayed here for a while and i had to take care my daughter and grandchildren for about two weeks.
she got better and they went home, but i was very tired.
i go shopping once every two weeks, and this weekend was the day.
it'll be cold in the gymnasium, so i'm thinking about what to wear.
i played the piano for the first time in a while the day before yesterday.
according to the article, there are now more pet cats in japan than pet dogs.
this was announced by the japan pet food association, based on their annual survey.
i also think that we can keep a cat easier than a dog because a cat requires less care.
my uncle has a fat cat, and it's so cute.
however, i can't touch the cat because i am allergic to cats.
i am just looking at it.
she has been celebrating her birthday according to a lunar calendar, which confuses me every time.
this time i added to my letter some words on good health.
i find that my mother is not as well as she once was.
i bought her a coupon for the gym and another for the sauna as a gift.
so if you have one who can share the same values and support you, please cherish the time that you spend together.
so if you have one friend who shares your values and really supports you, you should cherish the time that you can spend together.
the subject of this paper is to comprehensively analyze the two main pillars of rural relief policy under the great depression.
however, this movement had serious side effect to the local labor market because it incentivize the middle class farmers to reduce their hired labor supply from the poorer stratum.
the shrinking of the local labor market had to be covered by the public workforce. for poor farmers this was another pillar of the rural relief policy.
therefore, it is said that these two policies had a complementary relationship with each other and had policy integrity to some extent.
this paper examines the case of kamisato village, shimoina district, nagano prefecture and clarifies whether this complementary relationship could have helped the rural farmers who were suffering from economic damage of the great depression.
first, the kamisato village forest with an abundant wood resource played an important role in overcoming the great depression by providing the village residents the opportunity for earning wage income.
second, however, even in the kamisato village, there was the possibility of rising confrontation between the hamlets where the residents had utilized the village forest for everyday life and the other hamlets where the residents had little experience with working in the forest.
third, the public workforce financially support for poor farmers provided by the central government promoted job creation and eased the confrontation between the hamlets in kamisato village.
please, tell me if it is possible to use both the past indefinite and the past perfect in the 1st part of the sentence as there are two actions and one of them was prior to the 2nd one.
today i passed my middle school.
i happened to be there when the classes were over and  the students were walking out of the school gate.
the neighbourhood changed so much that i could hardly recognise it.
i didn't see any of the eateries around in which i dined before.
today i passed my junior high school.
they were wearing the same uniform as i wore before.
the neighbor changed a lot that i could hardly tell.
i didn't see any eateries around in which i used to eat.
i haven't had any days off recently, so i wanted to have some time to myself.
i went to a coffee shop and had breakfast, but it was not that good.
i took the day off today because i was exhausted.
i have not had any days off recently, so i wanted to take one.
high technology vs low technology | new one vs old one
this winter is colder than last year in my town.
i wake up in the middle of night and cannot sleep afterwards these days.
we need to keep up with the changing times otherwise we can't survive in this modern society.
for instance, when we are talking to young people, we need to know the trend among their community.
it seems that minion movies are very popular and are watched by the majority of the young population, so through referring to trendy topics, we can relate to them and form a good relationship with them.
young people are crucial in creating a new wave in the organization.
older people tend to think traditionally and in the old-fashioned style.
also people high up in the organization are conservative and it is hard to incorporate young peoples' ideas into their agenda and the way of running their organization.
my complexion is a little bit darker than most koreans'.
i am quite satisfied with my skin color and not eager to have 'white' skin, which means bright skin in korean, but sometimes i envy 'white' skin.
someone might think that koreans' preference for white complexion is because of westernized standards of beauty or racism.
we can definitely say big eyes with double lids, a high nose and long legs, which koreans admire, became determinants of beauty as a result of westernization and influence of mass media.
there was the josun dynasty a hundred years ago, which had lasted for approximately five centuries. there were 9 factors to be satisfied in order to be considered a beauty: white complexion, teeth, and hands; black eyes, hair, and eyebrows; red lips, cheeks, and nails; short ears, teeth, and jaw; moderate intervals of breasts and eyes, and broad forehead; soft and slender fingers, waist, and feet; thin fingers, ankles, and nostrils; nice and thick lips, arms, and hips; long height, hair, and hands.
josun was a kingdom that valued scholars over physical workers and warriors.
scholars who mostly worked and stayed indoors hardly had tanned skin.
preference for white complexion might stem from a desire for a higher class, such as that of scholars.
there is currently a campaign for certain anime going on at the convenience store.
since it might popular, so i rushed to get there.
i got it!
i think there would be a crowd there after school.
the sales campaign of a certain anime is now in progress.
i'll get the anime good if i buy a specific item.
i wanted to get it.
it might be popular, so i rushed there.
i got it.
i am glad that i went shopping before going to school.
i suppose that it's crowded there after school.
there's a promotional campaign for an anime going on at a convenience store.
you get the promotional item with a specific purchase
i wanted to get that promo good.
it'd probably be popular, so i rushed to get there.
i was able to get it.
i'm glad i went shopping before school, because i figured there'd probably be a crowd there afterwards.
visit an indoor park
there is an indoor amusement park.
it takes 7 min by car from my house to there.
the park is located in a small area.
there are 6 bounce houses in the park.
on weekdays, from mon.
the park consists of two areas.
one area is in the blight and the other is in the dark.
in the blight area, there is a very big slide that is about 200 inches high.
the slide angle is about 60 degrees.
so it's a steep sloop and when i slid on it, i slid down very fast as i had expected.
in the dark area, there is a very big flat bounce house.
we can jump freely.
not only children but also parents can play in these bounce houses in the park.
parents don't have to pay.
you just pay for your children and enjoy yourselves with your children.
did learning a foreign language have a good impact on you?
learning a language is like the adventure in the jungle.
you may get a lot of benefits when you get through obstacles, such as jaguars, poisonous snakes, crocodiles, and so on.
language learning is like an adventure in the jungle.
finished my master thesis!
i've just finished writing my master course thesis.
i'm pleased with the quality of the thesis.
now, i've plenty of time to do what i like to do!
solis hooks up with her boss?
i bought a car in installments earlier this year.i paid for a car in monthly installments earlier this year.
so i can't afford to buy that expensive motorcycle.
so i can't afford to buy such an expensive motorcycle.
just his presence alone lends dignity to the event.
a new president has been elected.
and we realize there are now major changes in us diplomacy.
b: why do you say that in a sarcastic tone?
if i have a chance to go to another country, i would like to go to hong kong.
that's because hong kong is such an international or multicultural city, so i would like to experience such cultures.
also, i am studying chinese now, so i want to use it.
when i was in junior high school, i went there.
i went there on a school excursion and it was so much fun.
it had such beautiful ocean.
i participated in farm stay, and the farmers gave me some fruit and it was so delicious.
her mother is 87 years old and she has been on dialysis for more than two years.
she has been in the hospital for a fracture of the femur since last december.
she often yells even during the night, so she had to move to a single room.
my acquaintance wonders if she can continue to pay for it.
she wants her mother to live longer, but she's getting tired of everything.
what does "one hour a day or four" means?
people on trains usually use their smartphones while commuting.
this is how i save money part 2
secondly, i make an effort to make meals by myself as much as possible.
it costs at least 500 yen for lunch.
you can save money if you take handmade lunch to the office.
236. when and where can you relax the most.when and where can find the best relaxation.
when and where can you relax the most?the best.......can you incompletely relax.
i usually think about what to do, but never about relaxing.
while is would be expected i would have lots of free time in retirement, i actually stay very busy with my hobbies.
one of my hobbies is singing in a chorus, and for now i belong to three different choirs.
another hobby i spend a lot of time on is the study of english.
i do a lot of activities regarding english, but the thing that requires the most of me is giving a speech for the toastmasters club meetings.
so you see, i have to keep energized to manage all these things day by day.
there has been no room for relaxing in my life.
however, as opposed to having plenty of free time as i expected, i keep a busy retirement from my hobbies.
one of them requires the chorus members to sing without a score on stage, so we have to spend time reviewing and memorizing the music piece, which makes my life busy.
another hobby i spend a lot of time on is learning english.
deciding on a subject to speak about takes a lot of time as well as writing, memorizing and practicing the speech; furthermore, speaking in front of other people tenses me up.
it was pretty hard to keep up with the pace of reading, and as the deadline came closer, i became tenser.
i do a lot of english-related activities, but the thing that keeps me most busy is giving a speech for the toastmasters club meetings.
i also used to read english books with a teacher, on a one-book-per-month basis, for over two years.
my dear friends, i hope you will help me edit it.
if you have any ideas about how to improve the content, please leave a comment.
when i heard this speech title, i felt a bit perplexed.
instead of the plenty of free time that might be expected, however, i keep myself busy in retirement with my hobbies.
i do a lot of english-related activities, but the thing that requires me most is giving speeches for toastmasters club meetings.
deciding on a subject to speak about does take a lot of time, as does memorizing and practicing it, and speaking in front of other people tenses me up.
reading one whole book for each lesson kept me busy.
it was pretty hard to keep up with the pace of reading, and as the deadline drew closer, i would become tenser.
apart from these activities, i also go to the fitness gym for my health, spending about three hours each time three to four times a week.
one of my hobbies is singing in chorus, and currently, i belong to three different choirs.
when and where can you relax most?
however, instead of having plenty of free time, i keep myself busy with my hobbies.
one of my hobbies is singing in a chorus, and currently i belong to three different choirs.
yesterday and today were warm.
if i am free, i help you.
if he runs every day, he will lose weight.
if the director hires him, the company will raise its income.orif the director hired him, the company will raise its income.orif the director hired him, the company would raise its income.
your sentence is fine. here, are a couple of other ways too:if the plane had taken off on time, you would have been on time for the meeting.or we more commonly see this idea written this way:if the plane had taken off on time, you wouldn't have been late for the meeting.
if i am free i will help you.
if the director hired him, the company would raise its income.
my school results would improve if i studied more.
if he had been here on time, maybe he would have arrived at in miami.
if the plane had taken off on time, you would have been on time to the meeting.
since this month, i've come to drink a lot of coffee because i've worked for my brother-in-law as a temporary job.
anyway, today, let me tell you a simple secret when you make drip coffee.
you just steam ground coffee in a paper filter for 20 seconds before you pour all of the boiled water.
the flu epidemic of this year is about to end.
classes closed one after another at my son's school.
we always put masks on.
and soon will come spring vacation.
i am going to return to my parents' home in sendai for the first time in a year.
the children and i have been looking forward to it.
i would like to explore this nostalgic city when i return home.
where refers to a place, not a time, but i notice there are some sentences that combine" time" with "where".
long ago, if two people uttered the same phrase at the same time, one would have to get ice cream for the other, all you had to do was say "happy ice cream" earlier than the other one to get it.
i guess it's an old-fashioned phrase or local joke.
my country has a large coastline.
a: what about in your country? das it have a large coast?
b:what about in your country?
"she failed accounting."
"so, she will retake that class next term.""so, she will retake the class next term?"
it's a required course but"
"she has to because it is a required course not selective one."
that is a required course, not an elective."
some students prefer to study alone. others pefer to study with a group of students. which do you prefer? use specific reasons and examples to support your answer
there are many different opinions about whether students prefer to study alone or with a group of students.
in my opinion, i prefer to study alone rather than with a group of students because it is more advantageous to study alone.
i feel this way for several reasonswhich i will explore in the following essay.
to begin with, there are pros and cons to both studying alone and in a group.
studying with a group of students can help us teach subjects to each other if we don't know about the subject.
however, when studying in a group, it is difficult to focus on studying for exams.
one time when i was studying, i also got distracted.
in the end, we started talking about something completely different instead of studying.
on the other hand, when studying alone it is easier to concentrate.
even if something is hard to understand, it is easy to get a lot of information from the internet using a smartphone.
for example, when i was a high school student, i always studied alone at home or at the library.
i could focus on studying the subject and do thorough reviews over and over again.
as a result, i got a special certification and good results.
if i had studied with a group of students, i wouldn't have been able to get it.
secondly, by studying alone i am able to learn things at my own pace.
i can manage my time schedule depending on my health condition.
on the other hand, studying with a group of students, i need to coordinate my schedule with the rest of the group.
lastly, it is not as efficient studying in a group of students compared to studying alone.
for example, i used to study with my friends when i was a university student. one time i got a cold, but because i had promised to study with my friend to help him understand the chapter, i still met up with him to study.
however, since i helped my friend instead of recovering from the nasty cold, i wasn't able to pass the exam.
in conclusion, i strongly assert that studying alone rather than in a group of students is better because it is easier to focus and manage time efficiently.
i just realized that my net income is much less than i had expected.
i didn't think the tax and all would be that expensive...
it's been a very long time since i wrote my latest entry in my diary.
actually it's been 3 months already, tt
1st. semester is over.
it's now spring break.
thank you for working so hard at such late hours.
i have studied english very hard,because i have university entrance examination in a week!
these days, i realize that nothing is more important than fundamental ability when i study english.
for example,memorizing words,checking grammar,and so on.
when i read a long thesis that was used in a past exam, i could not catch the meaning even though i had studied the advanced technique of rapid reading.
then, i took word flashcards and worked on it hard.
i completed the flashcards in a week and read that thesis again, and i could catch the meaning more clearly, rapidly and easily!
this realization is very important in my means of studying.
i think that the same is true in many case,so i make good use of it and improve my study efficiency.
cell phones should be allowed in school.
i think cell phones should be allowed in schools.
first,cell phones have many useful functions.
if you use them,you can improve your work efficiency.
for example,when you find words that you have never seen before, you can use a cell phone in order to search for the meaning of the words and you can do it faster than using a paper dictionary.
it applies wherever you are and of course in school.
second, students can use cell phones in class without checking mail or sns.
but,young people know better how to make use of cell phones than a older people.
so you have to believe in students and allow it.
in conclusion, cell phones should be allowed in schools because students have good sense and they can improve their efficiency.
alternate title: admitting our mistakes. both titles are acceptable.
it's very hard for us to admit our mistakes, because we usually do things that we think are right.
however, we often don't have enough time to consider whether these are really right, so we often make mistakes.
if we truly deliberated everything, we wouldn't get anything done.
and we also should be understanding of others' mistakes.
it's very hard for us to admit our mistakes, because we usually think we do things correctly..
if we really thought about each thing we did, we wouldn't do anything.
thus, we should know we often make mistakes and try to correct them immediately.
and we also should be generous to others if they make mistakes.
if we really did each thing, we wouldn't do anything.
we should also be generous to others' mistakes.
talking about what we want to do without thinking about feasibility
i went to shinjuku to meet a friend from a former job.
a shop staff member sneezed.
japanese women's curling team won against sweden.
i watched that game on tv with my daughter.
i don't know the rules of curling very well.
my daughter drew a national flag and wrote 'japanese team, you can do it!' on it.
in the latter part of the game, the japanese team were trailing the swedes, with the scoreboard at 2-4.
i thought the japanese team would lose, but my daughter believed that the japanese team could win and the japanese team themselves too believed that they could win.
and then the japanese team won!
we were glad that they won.
however, i was worried about the time, because it was way past my daughter's bed time.
thinking about the future of tv commercials while watching a coca-cola commercial after the olympic
just after broadcasting the 1500 meter speed skating event in which ms.
of course, it wasn't possible for coca-cola to predict the exact result of games, so this commercial was selected after the result had come out.
since the expressions used in legal sentences are so special, it is hard for me to read them.
i know i should consult experts, but iit would cost too much.
generally, after work, i had joined a study meeting on allergy.
after work, i went to a study group on allergies.
there was nothing annual expect for me.
the athletes who won medals in the olympic games are losing sleep and complaining of health issues because they are being interviewed excessively by the media.
the media should allow the tired medalists to rest.
most of them were probably office workers talking about business or something like that.
since they were talking very loudly, i quickly glanced over at them.
they looked like they were just in their mid or late teens, wearing red lipstick and dressed like adults in bars.
then, we heard one of them say, "yeah, and the 32-year-old 'old man' told me...."
i sensed that some of the adults in the cafe froze for a moment.
they look like they were in their middle or late teens, wearing red lipstick, and dressed as if they were adults at a bar.
i made a lot of effort to make myself look like an adult.
they seemed to be in their mid or late teens, wore red lipstick, and dressed like adults at the bar.
they reminded me of myself.
i made a lot of effort to look like a mature woman.
again, we heard that one of them said "yeah, and the 32 years old 'old man' told me...."
i sensed some of adults froze for a moment.
it was crowded, but quiet.
maybe most of them were office workers-- they talking about business or something.
since they were talking very loudly, i took a quick look at them.
they seem like they were just in their middle or late teens, wearing red lipstick and dressed up like they were adults headed to the bar.
they reminded me of myself at that age.
i made a lot of effort to appear older than i was.
then we heard that one of them say,"yeah, and that old guy, he was like 32 or something, told me..."
i sensed some of the adults in the cafe freeze up for a moment.
the two maps above show an island, before and after the construction of some tourist facilities.
overall, it can be clearly seen that the uninhabited island became an enticing holiday destination.
firstly, the width of the island remained approximately 260m, with a beach on the left side.
this beach is now used for swimming purposes, while a pier was constructed on the bottom side of the island, where people can enjoy seeing two yachts.
another noticeable change is that a reception desk was built in the center, from which people can go to accommodation areas located on the left and right sides.
new roads were opened to connect the pier and the reception area as well as to a new restaurant to the north of the reception area.
finally, sidewalks were built linking the houses and the beach.
will you jump in the back of the truck?
can i hop in your car?
are you interested in marketing?
i have attended a lecture where we learned about marketing several years ago.
the teacher tought the attendants the concept and some basic ideas about marketing.
i tried marketing for the first time.
on the next day, i bought a book written about marketing by philip kotler.
last sunday, i went to the hospital and my doctor permitted me to start physical exercises.
i immediately went to a pilates studio after that.
i think will be very difficult to start playing badminton again, but i will resume practicing it soon
i have work starting from today, so i'll do my best.
i don't know, if it's busy today.
ah, i don't want to go to my work lol.
anyway, this is today's english challenge!!
where do you want to go?
last night's dinner was yakiniku.
i have had hay fever since this morning, so i'm in pain.
there are so many fine restaurants there.
we're going to a spanish restaurant and will have gambas with sangria.
to like something is the most important thing in my life.
i think that liking something is a source of everything.
i hope you can find what you like the best
for your future delight.
jump-starting my husband's car
this morning, my husband couldn't start the car.
at that time, no one in the neighbourhood had jumper cables.
he brought back the jumper cables from work in a hurry.
we popped the hood and connected both cars with the jumper cables.
i started his car, and then the engine turned on.
we should've bought jumper cables.
there were no neighbors who had jumper cables home at that time.
he drove my car to work.
he quickly came back with jumper cables.
my last few weeks were very hard for me.
i passed them all, fortunately, but i didn't practice english.
i hope that i can practice it soon and get back to thinking in english.
i should primarily practice speaking.
i hope i will enjoy it.
this is my first step to coming back every day to learn english.
i know it doesn't look good right now, but i will try to get better.
last weekend, a marathon was held in kyoto.
this was the first time i watched actual runners.
everybody passed me so quickly.
i was joking to myself that i should have asked him to wear abunny or panda cap to make him stand out.
i don't know if the same thing happens in other countries.
generally it's the other way around: the spectators are the ones who photograph the runners.
he was looking at the guys in the student uniforms!
would you accept facebook friend requests from your parents or relatives?
usually younger generations of taiwanese will try to avoid their parents' facebook friend requests.
so we either ignore their friend requests or accept them,
and then create another facebook account,
we don't want our parents violating our privacy,
asian parents can be pretty controlling,
they might get mad at you, and complain about why don't you accept their facebook friend requests.
what would you do?
yesterday, i attended a patent strategy meeting at our headquarters in osaka.
then, i went to kyoto to meet a professor in doshisha university.
i'm so confused at what's happening right now.
i'm so confused with what's happening right now.
it reminds me of old hargraves, who lived in the mount.
yet she allowed herself to be courted by the old hargraves, who gave her an apartment in the neighboring town.
"the facts are so similar, are they not?
stayed at my officei was the last to leave my office.
yesterday, i was the last employee who stayed at my office.yesterday, i was the last employee to leave my office.
as a result, i had to start my desk work in the evening.
furthermore, i made many mistakes and i had to use up much time to resolve it.
after he played one-on-one with the trash-talker, he said, "i can't believe that's all you've got."
i would have to call you in five minutes.
after he played one on one with the trash talker, he went, "i can't believe that's all you've got."
i'd have to call you in five minutes.
i hope you enjoy this music too.
do you name your possessions?
if you have deep affection for or attachment to your possessions, you might sometimes name them.
it's as if you personify them or infuse them with life.
according to roman catholic church dogma, this big event is termed a 'terminus ad quem', from which is possible to discern a countless gradient of individuals.
gathered up according to that junction, they reveal themselves as individuals, and then pay for their merits and sins.
with american punctuation - but that event occurs only once: it is singular and postponed to the imagined "end of time." indeed, this postponement can be described as a subsidiary event which christians refer to as the final judgement, the archetypal model of all waiting.
in the fable of the final judgement, everyone falls asleep separately only to wake up together.
the big event is a 'terminus ad quem' from which it is possible to discern countless gradients of individuals.
but that event is unique, unrepeatable, and extremely delayed: indeed, postponement intended as a subsidiary event is properly defined by the final judgement, the model of all waits.
the big event is a 'terminus ad quem' from which it is possible to discern a countless gradient of individuals.
once gathered up in this junction, they reveal themselves as individuals, and pay for it.
but that event is one and only, unrepeatable, and extremely postponed: indeed, postponement intended as a subsidiary event is properly defined by the final judgement, the archetypal model of all waiting.
from 9 am to 11 am this morning, i played badminton against another team in taichung.
from 9 am to 11 am this morning, i played badminton with another team in taichung.
i like sleeping because i can dream.
it's adreamy.
i was doing a photography job in japan..
however it was not in the field i wanted to do, so i thought i needed more challenges and adventure.
that's why i came here.
i'm obstinate and don't listen to other people.
but i'm always thinking i want to be a people person.
on the other hand, in the united states of america and europe, workers make an agreement concerning the scope of their work, the working hours, and locations.
today, the working population in japan is gradually decreasing.
however, it is really difficult for couples to raise their child while accepting overtime, and long-distance transfers.
that is the problem for couples raising children in japan.
one thing i noticed at the funeral is that they had a lot of wreaths in the funeral hall.
like in korea, it is customary to give a wreath with their company's name on it for a funeral.
2- i've never had a japanese girlfriend even though i work for a japanese company.
a friend of mine heard this, and said,"japanese girls love k-pop, so why don't they love you?" and i answered, "do you see me going around with any k-pop?
i'm 33, so it is too late to dress and act k-pop.
when seeing the floor plan of a house in england, i noticed the term, "jack and jill bathroom" and "jack and jill en-suite."
i typically noticed the terms "bathroom" and "en-suite," but i'd never seen those other terms before.
what does that mean?
i laughed while recalling an incident that happened when i was going to college this morning.
outside the gate is the back fence of an iit institute, and a place where people throw their garbage around.
when i was crossing that area, i saw two women throwing bags of garbage over the fence.
they told me that they were throwing garbage.
i again asked, "is there a garbage bin over there?"
they said, "no."
i asked them what was there and they said that it was an iit institute.
i asked them, "so?"
they told me that everyone throws garbage here, so i too should throw it here.
i told them that i did not want to throw my garbage here because i take my garbage to the garbage bin.
do i show my children the image of a father is who in touch with his emotions and shows them appropriately?
sentence 2: announcement in a train
sentence 2: announcement on a train
question about how to use a comma
a: i like cars, and i often go for a drive.
she was talking to the media like nothing was happening that day.
can the word "it" can be taken out in sentences "a," "b," and "c"?
she was talking to the media like there wasn't anything happening that day.
can the word "it" be taken out in sentences "a," "b," and "c"?
in ten days andalusia day will be celebrated.
my niece, my sister's daughter, will have a party at school.
on that day, all the children used to go to school dressed with in a traditional costume and they used to eat traditional food from our region.
they will sing the andalusia anthem in public all together at the school yard.
when i was a child in those days all the children used to have toasted bread spread with olive oil and a bit of salt for breakfast.
our region is a major olive oil producer in the world.
we are very proud of it and because of that we use itin the majority of our dishes.
the weather is warm most of the time, and the sun is shining for ninety percent of the year.
we have fertile ground to produce vegetables.
our land is a mixture of high mountains and seasides which give us a contrasted topography.
they will sing andalusian anthem in public all together at the school yard.
in ten days andalusia day will be celebrated.
they will sing andalusian anthems in public together at the school yard.
unless you cut down the number of cigarettes you smoke every day, you'll get cancer.
by way of contrast, her brother is rather lazy.
he prefers lying in bed all day to working out.
peru: an important soccer announcer passed away today.
he was the main announcer in the last years of soccer here.
he called both the matches of the peruvian national soccer team and the matches of professional league soccer.
for example, two years ago, the team of which i am a fan won the national league championship soccer, after more than 30 years; it was amazing for my city.
of course, the announcer for that match was this journalist.
last year, the peruvian team qualified for the world cup, and he was the only announcer for all the matches, during the whole qualifying phase.
in recent interviews, he told that he expected to announce a goal made by the peruvian team in the world cup.
how ironic is life.
of course, there are others announcers, but, as i wrote previously, he was the most important and famous.
he suffered a heart attack while playing football with some of his friends.
he narrated both the matches of the peruvian soccer team and the matches of the soccer league er.
for example, two years ago, the team of which i am a fan won the national league soccer championship, after more than 30 years.i it was an amazing time for my city.
last year the peruvian team qualified for the world cup, and he was the only narrator o for all the matches, during the whole qualifying campaign.
in recent interviews, he said that he expected to narrate the goals of the peruvian team in the world cup.
the tournament will begin next june.
how ironic life is.
of course, there are others narrators, but, as i wrote in the lines above, he was the most important and famous.
he suffered a heart attack while he was playing football with some of his friends.
countermeasures against the cold
warming the soles of the feet warms the whole body.
we can do without heating the house with floor heating.
i always try to warm my feet even when sleeping.
after that, the figure declined until 2003, then the year 2005 saw the highest expense incurred by the germans, approximately $95 million.
finally, the expense incurred by austrian people, with $30-40 million until 2001, burgeoned after 2001 to reach about $70 million in 2005.
"welcome back", he said when i returned to the office after being on one week sick leave.
i didn't know if i should laugh or cry.
i like them a lot and still remember all of their lyrics.
i went to a bar with a friend last night, and i heard english songs i really like there; honesty, your song and yesterday once more.
i went to a bar with a female friend last night, and i heard english songs i really liked there; 'honesty', 'your song' and 'yesterday once more'.
i found some beautiful chinese sentences, so i translated them into english and have shared them with you all, my friends.
life passes in a blur, if you don't stop and review it from afar.
it is we who put on the make-up ourselves.
i spread stars across the sky along the passage of time.
although the mountains and trees remain, i no longer walk in the stream of yesterday.
the pueblo uprising
the spanish laws of that time forced the spaniards to treat the native americans humanely.
the spanish colonizers occupied the pueblo's fertile lands displacing them.
but these laws were difficult to apply in the north of mexico.
i think it might be because i overslept instead of waking as early as usual.
i think i'll just eat dinner and head to bed.
i chose to talk about this show because i really like science fiction.
but that was not the case with this tv show.
life doesn't always go the way you expect.
i like this expression.
can i say it to someone who is feeling down to to encourage them?
like for example, "don't let it get you down, man.
by the way, i often hear english speakers say "man" at the end or beginning of a sentence.
i'm sorry if i've asked you this before, but, is it okay to use "man" this way with women?
oh right, about my job and how things are going there recently.
i'm from the generation of "pressure-free" education.
honestly, some of us make our private lives a high priority.
japan's education system changed around 2002, and those who were born between 1894 and 2004 are part of the "yutorisedai" generation.
dealing with customer complaints is tough, though.
now, i'm required to train new employees.
i hate to tell someone off even if they make big mistakes.
can i use it on someone who is feeling down to encourage them?
for example, like, "don't let it get you down, man?
life doesn't always go the way we want it to."?
i'm sorry if i've asked you this before, but is it okay to use this usage of, "man" to women?
i almost forgot what i was going to write about.
i wanted to write about my job and how we work today.
i'm someone who belongs to the generation who received stress free education.
many elderly people don't have a good impression on adults from this generation, because they consider those from this generation to be selfish and irresponsible.
japan's education changed around 2002 and those who were born from 1894 to 2004 belong to this generation.
dealing with unreasonable customers are tough, though.
i've heard that dry cleaners gets the most complaints out of all the industries.
now, i'm required to train employees who just started working.
life doesn't always go your way.
can i use it with someone who is feeling down to encourage them?
for example, "don't let it get you down, man?
i'm sorry if i've asked you this before, but is it okay to use "man" this way with women?
oh, yeah, about my job and how things have been going there lately.
honestly, some of us prioritize our private lives.
japan's education changed around 2002, and those who were born between 1994 and 2004 belong to this generation.
i hate telling people off, even if they make big mistakes.
first attempt at writing prose in english
he was calmly blowing the greyish smoke out of his mouth when suddenly a loud knocking noise startled him from his thoughts of self-pity and confusion.
since the explosion in babylon he had admitted to himself that he actually loved justin.
brian had made himself vulnerable.
it'd been six weeks since they last saw each other.
it'd been six weeks since they last saw each other--since the last time they lay together on the sheets brian was now lying on, lonely.
i'm sure that this would save me a lot of time.
i have to admit that i'm really great at procrastinating, maybe i should just blame myself.
now a question: by writing these silly lines have i used constructively my time or have i just wasted it again?
i like traveling.
we went nightclubbing.
we went to her friend's house.
we went to breakfast at her friends's house in the morning.
i just killed a mouse in the toilet bowl.
i killed it with a plunger.
i hit the mouse so hard that it threw up its organs.
it was so disgusting that i could not describe how gross the scene was.
this book presents japanese history, tradition, law and manners in that time.
it shows me how different points of view and the behaviour of people who lived in that time compare to people who lived in europe at the same time.
i know that even now there is big a difference between european and asian peoples' mentality, but it seems to me that this difference decreases each century.
maybe it is the effect of globalization more interaction between many cultures, that gives a better understanding of each other.
on the one hand i would like to go back in time for a while, and see how different the world was, because books don't tell us many things, but on the other hand, in medieval times countries and nations were more closed to foreigners and it was harder to explore.
i remember the first time i was in love when i was in school.
he was my first official boyfriend.
actually i was really picky when i was young.
i liked a guy who was taller than me, with a nice body, funny, loves animals and nature, intelligent and he must have been able to complete a rubik's cube easily.
i know it sounds stupid... especially the rubik's cube part.
but, i liked those kind of sharp boys when i was teenager.
he took me to the planetarium or movie theater to watch sci-fi films as a date which i loved.
i fell in love with him.
however, we had to go to different universities so, in the end, we took separate paths.
that's typical.
who was your first love?
actually i was really fussy when i was young.
i remembered the first time i was in love when i was in school.
my ideal guy is a guy that is taller than me, nice body physique, funny, loves animals and nature, intelligent, and he must know how to complete a rubik's cube easily.
he took me to the planetarium or cinema to watch sci-fi films as a date, which i love.
i'm glad that i could join weight training class after work.
we went to the cute cafe where my friend recommended.
i ordered sweets like a cream puff.
after that, we talked a lot about our life.
we don't have any definite dreams, but she has to decide what course to take after graduation, because she is going to junior college.
when i heard about her thought, i also thought about a lot of things.
also i thought, for example, when i said that i want to speak english fluently.
just saying it is easy for me.
on the contrary, it's actually very difficult for me to start action.
i tend to escape from difficult things, but i want to change my life, so when i go study abroad, i may become strong.
i want to try a lot of things.
i was refreshed by the spa.
i enjoyed meeting him.
i enjoyed joining the muscle training class after work.
i really enjoyed joining the nail art class.
i could relax by the yoga class and nap.
experiencing bad things and good things during a trip is very normal.
a trip is a good way to learning
i still learned something from it.
when you review them, you might just have a good laugh.
trip is a good way for learning
experienced bad things and good things during a trip is very normal.
here i particularly give my daughter a big praise.
i still learn something from it.
at this point, i particularly want to give big praise to my daughter.
she is great!
his act is not that of an adult's
the actress crossed the area and appeared ahead of the army
mary apes animal be mom angry many apes have mothers that can be easily angered.
i enjoyed having lunch with my coworker.
when i returned at home i found in my shoes a gold coin with an arrow engraved in it.
even if you were the richest one in the world, you can't buy time.
i don't want to work a lot of overtime.
i think, "time is money" means that you can trade one for the other.
you can take faster transportation using the money.
you can get a faster computer using money.
these things will shorten your work time.
so you will have more free time, right?
however, we can buy time to a certain extent.
today, i read a magazine called "asahi camera".
the monthly magazine mainly contains interviews with pro photographers, techniques for taking photos, and various tips about photography.
this time, the magazine featured the issue of unauthorized use of photos.
according to the article, many creators suffered from unauthorized use of their photos.
i think that this is a critical issue.
i went to capoeira lesson today.
but, this lesson on monday was last lesson today.
from next month, the lesson is only on thursdays and sundays.
i think i can't join the lesson.
because, i go to back hands spring lessons on thursday.
and the lesson on sunday is very far from me.
long time ago, he sent me messages and called me anywhere, anytime, any circumstances.
i know, he is busy working.
i want him to wonder and to always be worried about me.
and i hope he thinks about our future
my boyfriend used to call, or send me messages all the time under any circumstances, but now he is not.
i know he is working and busy, but i feel sad that he is not wondering about how i'm doing.
i want him to think and worry about me.
also, i hope he is thinking about our future.
i was really grateful to an apartment manager today.
about at 3:15 pm today, i was visiting some apartments to delivering fliers.
however, almost all apartment managers didn't allow me to do it.
if i hadn't posted all fliers, i wouldn't have been able to finish my job, so i was getting nervous, and then one of the apartment managers said, "if you can't post all of them, you can't go back home, right?
i really appreciated his kindness from bottom of my heart.
i joined a cooking event yesterday.
it is a service to learn cooking from foreign people at their house.
the cooking teacher was a russian woman and she was very nice.
russian food takes a long time, because most food needs to be boiled well.
eventually it took 4 hours to make all the menus, but every russian food was so great.
when i first got this question, i had absolutely no idea.
these parts of me are both strengths and weaknesses depending on the situation.
but now i truly need to understand and listen to other's sorrow and anger.
if this is called "mature', i want to be mature.
how can there be people around the world who speak more than three languages fluently?
are their brains so different from mine?
it's still cold, but i feel as though spring will come soon.
when it gets a bit warmer, i want to go out to buy them.
yesterday i had dinner at a hamburger steak restaurant with my niece and nephew.
it was more fun than i'd thought because i was with little children.
they looked like they were having fun.
i thought i had done well on the exam.
the importance of routine
last week, we were on a long holiday.
a week seems enough time to feel relaxed and refreshed.
but i was very wrong.
my family was stressed because we have a lot to do with memorial service.
as a result, my parents had arguments
it seemed serious.
they couldn't talk to each other until two days before the end of the holiday.
but as i went to work and talked with my co-workers about my weekend my mood improved.
today's topic was a little bit difficult but i really enjoyed that.
the depressed mood had disappeared.
tonight, i realized that keeping my daily routine would help my mental health.
my sunday was mostly dedicated to shanti because when it is sunny, i give her a bath.
last sunday, a chilly wind was blowing throughout the day, so i couldn't bath her but yesterday the sun was warm.
i went in the morning around ten, which was even after giving her breakfast, but there was no water in the locality.
i came back and went again after lunch, but again no water was to be found.
however, the little boys brought two buckets of water from their house and helped me around.
i had brought them chocolates so that they would give me a helping hand if it were needed.
a dozen children gathered around watching, and two took turns pouring water for me.
i gave one of them my mobile so that he could take some pictures along with the rest of the children.
after washing her, i put some powder on her body as her body was covered with ticks.
i had a lot of classwork, but i preferred to spend my time with shanti.
this morning when i woke up, i felt so bad because for me, waking up and moving about in the outside world is like opening the gate of hell.
the experience is genuinely hellish.
i feel that there is no particular place called hell or heaven.
when me and my boyfriend come up in conversation the topic, we were calm.
my boyfriend gave me some advice.
=my boyfriend gave some advice to me.
i want to make some english composition to compare it with my real life.
but, it is difficult for me to write english composition from this theme.
thank you for reading!
when the topic came up, my boyfriend and i calmed down.
however, it's difficult to me to make english composition on this theme.
=my boyfriend gave me some advice.
however, it's difficult for me to make english sentences about it.
when the topic came up between my boyfriend and i, we were calm.
my mother made me sukiyaki.
i want to make english sentences i can use in real life.
my mother made me the sukiyaki.
i remember when i was young and i curious.
for me there were things to discover on every corner.
one day, a long time ago, i met a girl, ann. i stayed with her for a couple of days and taught her how to hunt wild animals.
last week i saw ann, and now she is a very nice girl. she is a scientific advisor and travels all over europe to solicit agreements with the partners of her company.
i have examined what methods are available for using smart phones overseas.
i was good to switch to a cheap sim.
i also learned about the means of transportation at the site, and i want to investigate the views.
let's check the technical terms of cultivation and brewing in english.
we went to the nearby grocery store to buy some food for dinner.
at that time, it was over 11 p.m. i wanted to go to bed early because i was supposed to get up early for work.
i said "when i get home, i will grind and work hard."
however, everyone burst out laughing because i had made a mistake reading the kanji.
i have a slight cold though.
oh, gosh!
i might have become a maudlin drinker as i got older.
this is an exam of a japanese university entrance exam.
can you answer this question?
this is from a japanese university entrance exam.
what do 'puts more money in the hands of the farmers', 'see', and 'socially-aware customer' mean here?
i added the corn paste into the cream stew, but sadly no one noticed the corn flavor in the cream stew.
other examples are electronic blackboards, lessons we can listen to via smartphones, and so on.
i had sushi for dinner today.
today, i went to a kaiten-sushi restaurant called kurazushi.
it is one of the major sushi restaurants.
today i saw a photo on instagram of the front page of a book.
